
Int egrous
Influence M a stery:
Your Super power
S e a n C a l l agy
&
Nicole M a i el lo
Integrous Influence Mastery: Your Superpower
Copyright © 2023 by Sean Callagy and Unblinded All rights
reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted
in any form or by any means without written permission from
the author.
ISBN: 979-8-218-95974-6
Contents
Preface 5
Introduction: 13
Chapter 1:
What Is Integrous
Influence And Why Does It Matter? 16
Chapter 2:
Modeling The Greatest 32
Chapter 3.
What If There Is A
Formula For Modeling Integrous Influence? 38
Chapter 4:
Which Of The
Twenty To Begin With: Energetic Transference With Congruence
And Integrous Scarcity 44
Chapter 5:
The Four Energies 49
Chapter 6:
Loving Everyone
Unconditionally With Boundaries And
Goddess Energy 54
Chapter 7:
Aspirational Energy 59
Chapter 8:
Zeus Energy 64
Chapter 9:
Fun Energy 68
Chapter 10:
Matching And
Mirroring 73
Chapter 1 1:
Acknowledgement 77
Chapter 1 2:
Level Five Listening 81
Chapter 13:
Reciprocity 87
Chapter 14:
Question Mastery 90
Chapter 15:
Validation 96
Chapter 16:
Context And Contrast 100
Chapter 17:
The 4 Steps 105
Chapter 18:
Emotional Rapport Building 109
Chapter 19:
Truth And Yes…. Truth To Pain And Yes, Truth Of Pain And
Yes 113
Chapter 20:
Heroic Unique Identity 118
Chapter 21:
Agreement Formation 169
Chapter 22:
How To Create A Talk Opening: Cold
Openings, What Ifs, and Beyond 174
Chapter 23:
Talk Outros 180
Chapter 24:
The Middle Of A Talk 183
Epilogue by Tink: 186
Afterword by Tink: 193
Preface
5
Preface
Why are you here?
Why?
Whether you came from outside the United States, from the
west, central, south, or east in America, or from north, central,
or south Jersey, what caused you to say “yes” to come to Jersey
City, in the shadows of the Statue of Liberty and the Freedom
Tower?
Einstein said, “Make it as simple as possible, but not simpler.”
And, there is a lowest common denominator, a unifying
principle, that brings us all together here in Jersey City.
And, that unifying principle is that you, we, I, all want
more…
More?
At some level, we all, to the depths of our hearts and souls,
crave more. For some of us, the craving is suppressed. For some
of us it beautifully fuels our life’s mission, vision, and purpose.
﻿
6
And, for others, it burns out of control, compromising the
principles of integrity we hold so dear, to simply see our goals
fulfilled.
And, every level between those extremes is represented in
this moment, in Jersey City, New Jersey.
Where are you?
What is the more you seek?
How present are you to its fueling of you?
Together, over these four days, we will clarify that, and
conspire together to bring it to life and actualization with the
Formula that is controlling all that we have and all that we do
not have.
Have?
Yes, have.
In every sense of the word.
All of our financial abundance and material things, or lack
thereof.
Our time abundance or time scarcity.
Our feelings of fulfillment, passion, anger, contentment, joy,
sadness, connectedness, love, loneliness, fear, pride, fun, boredom,
and magic.
Whatever we have in material items, skills, time, thoughts,
and feelings, we have co-created, and we are the only people
who can alter what we have.
Twenty-six years ago, I began my quest in earnest. Before
that, I had a sense of what was possible, but in a much more
limited way. I experienced a differentiation in the results people
produced as athletes and discovered fascinating dynamics.
Preface
7
The most fascinating dynamic to me was why people produced
such different results relative to their talents.
I saw far less masterful people, like the United States Olympic
Miracle On Ice team beat the dramatically superior sixteen-year
reigning Olympic and World Champion Soviets in the 1980
Miracle On Ice.
I personally experienced our woefully undersized high
school football team beating far larger, far heavier, and far more
innately athletic teams repeatedly and continuously.
I personally lived it, passing so many players to go from
a non-starter on my little league All Star team to a four-year
Division One starter and Captain of the Columbia University
Lions baseball team.
Human performance became a passion, if not an obsession.
I knew, additionally, that it was about a lot more than hard
work.
It was the right hard work that created all the differences.
All the time I witnessed people doing the wrong hard work
and then believing the results they desired to create were not
actually attainable.
A model became very clear:
1. Is it possible?
2. Can this person teach it?
3. Can I do it?
This is the model for all modeling….
First, it is possible if someone else has done it and there is
not a genetic component necessary. For example, to be an NFL
lineman, there is some level of physical size that is a genetic
precondition. Business and life, thankfully, however, have no
﻿
8
genetic precondition. Said another way, genetics do not have to
control your money, your time, or your magic.
The second question is: Can this person teach it?
Even more importantly, if the person can do it, have they
also taught others to successfully do it?
The third question is: Can I do it?
People often falsely point to questions one and two as to the
reasons they do not do something: It isn’t possible, or I don’t
think this person can teach it.
The truth is: people do not succeed most often because of
the third component: they do not follow through because they
do not believe they can do it.
Over these four days, we will shatter that paradigm.
And, so, what is the IT?
The IT, living up to Einstein’s promise, is to make IT as simple
as possible, but not to make the IT, simpler.
Under that premise: the IT is to grow your skills to actualize
your results in creating the financial abundance you seek. If you
have the financial abundance you seek, then it is about the time
freedom you seek.
If you have the money and time, then it is about the MAGIC
you seek.
How?
By stepping into truth.
What truth?
The truth that the ability to cause people to say “yes” is
one of three INDISPENSABLE FOUNDATIONAL components
that change the trajectory of our existence and is a
Preface
9
PRECONDITION to our achievement of our ultimate fulfillment
of our greatest, most unrestricted mission, vision, and
purpose.
These four days are about THAT.
What is the science of moving from a 1 in 4 mastery of
Integrous Influence to a 1 in 10, to a 1 in 100?
What about from a 1 in 100 to a 1 in 1,000?
How about from a 1 in 1,000 to 1 in 10,000, and then 1 in
100,000?
And, how about 1 in 100,000 to 1 in a million or even a
billion?
Of course, we are not just talking about selling. We are
talking about causing leadership, causing management, causing
recruitment, causing fundraising, whether philanthropically or
for profit, and yes, of course, marketing and selling.
It is Unblinding to the truth of micro and macro thinking
about your Influence Mastery, and actualizing the next level of
skills so that you can integrously cause “yes” with more and
more sophisticated people. This is the difference between being
Mayor of your town and President of the United States.
This is the difference between making 100,000 and 100 million
dollars, and everything in between.
We have all of this, over these four days, right in front of us.
However, we are all, at some level, blind, and just learning
to see….
Of course, causing “yes” is not the only answer we seek.
We must also know what yes to cause and how emotionally
to get out of the prison and confinement of our FEAR.
You will get results, very consistently over this four-day
immersion, with what you put out.
﻿
10
Your survival self will lie to you many times over these four
days. Your survival self will tell you that you are tired, overwhelmed,
that it is not worth it, that this will not work, and
countless other potential lies to keep you from what your higher
self wants for you: to live consistently with your highest mission,
vision, and purpose.
We will give everything we have to support you. This content
is the result of twenty-six years of direct intense study and
forty years of some level of study.
We will support your higher self in battling your lower self.
Ultimately though, only one person can cause this Jersey
City Integrous Influence Immersion to be everything you would
want or need it to be: You.
We all want more.
And that more does not have to be in a selfish way.
It is more, however.
My mom desperately craved that I would not be going blind
from retinitis pigmentosa, like her father, my grandfather, Pop.
God had a different plan.
48 years later, returning to the birthplace of my family, in the
shadows of the gateway to the American Dream and the Statue
of Liberty, three things are very clear.
First, God’s plan for my life was far better than for my mom’s
life.
And, second, we are all here together for more.
Third, a formula exists to discern what more, and to actualize
it.
This is why we have come together.
Some of you know that more is absolutely available here.
Preface
11
Some of you believe it might be.
Some of you sincerely doubt and have virtually no belief that
it is.
And some of you are somewhere in between those three
groups.
Regardless, your investment of money, time, and energy to
gather here is recognized, acknowledged, and appreciated.
In fact, your presence here causes a sacred pact.
Our sacred pact is that because of your investment of money,
time, and energy, we will return it, exponentially.
Truth is present in this space.
Unblinding is present in this space.
We are fully present in this space.
Our days together here will be unique. If you can hold space
that this will not be exactly like anything you have ever done
before, you will find things you have never before found.
It will be part peak performance sports, music, theater, and/
or school. Take your picks.
There will be some fun and entertainment to keep our focus
and energy present.
There will be mind, heart, and soul searching because this
immersive experience will be absolutely unique for every person
here.
The truth is that there is a formula.
The truth is that formula is controlling our money, our time,
and our magic, whether we know it or not, and whether we like
it or not.
﻿
12
In the space where so many came in pursuit of the American
Dream, we honor their journeys and blaze our own paths less
traveled.
In the space where so many people in my family saw their
dreams birthed and actualized, and also thwarted to die, we
shall commit to actualizing ours.
This nation is sacred. Jersey City is, and our Integrous
Influence Mastery room is all hallowed ground.
It is our time. It is your time.
And what if every word you have read thus far and every
word in this book were true for everyone and were meant for
you, right now?
What if?
In your service,
Sean Callagy
Introduction:
What if?
What if there is a secret?
What if we are much more like our heroes than we have ever
believed?
What if we all walked around with the ability to impact the
world like Lincoln, Washington, Oprah, Mother Teresa, Nelson
Mandela, Muhammad Ali, Batman, James Bond, Bill Gates,
Warren Buffett, Wonder Woman, Margaret Thatcher, or any
other hero, leader, or influencer, real or fictional; that we have
ever loved or encountered?
What if we could be a force for good and make the world an
even greater place?
What if we have that same power to influence and impact our
friends, families, and ourselves to experience more consistent
﻿
14
magic, love, gratitude, growth, contribution, fun, fulfillment,
and abundance than we have ever dared to dream?
What if there is a secret to accomplish this?
What if the secret is a bit more complex than wishing and
believing, or merely some motivation or inspiration, but far
more assured to bring you your breakthroughs and dreams?
What if you are more capable, powerful, and important to
this world than you can imagine?
What if you are unaware and blind to how many lies and
false limitations you believe in because they have just quietly
and insidiously seeped into your mind, heart and soul?
What if people who love you and who are beautiful souls,
taught and conditioned you unknowingly, to believe in those
lies and false limitations that stand between you, your greatest
self, your contributions to the world, and your dreams?
What if these lies and false limitations you believe in also
came to you from bullies on the playground, in the classroom,
and on the athletic fields, as well as your favorite TV shows,
movies, songs, and “news” deliverers?
What if these lies you believe also came from betrayals?
What if some of those betrayals were ones we committed
against ourselves? What if you are blind, don’t know it, and
can’t see what you can’t see?
What if you had a path to being “Unblinded” and to having
20/20 Vision?
What if part of you wants to believe, but another part of you
is too afraid and connected to the lies and false limitations that
have been conditioned into you?
Introduction:
15
What if it would hurt too much to realize that so much more
was always available right there in front of you... hiding in plain
sight?
What if you’re afraid people you love won’t love you if you
are “Unblinded” and can see?
What if you’ve believed and just can’t find a way to do it
again, and you just don’t want to deal with the pain?
What if you have everything you need inside?
What if you just need a map, a formula, and the truth?
What if you can have more money?
What if you can have more time?
What if growing personally, professionally, and financially
are completely predictable and achievable?
What if you can have more magic, passion, fulfillment, love,
adventure, belief, confidence, fire, aspiration, transcendence,
fun, bliss, ecstasy, and every other feeling you want?
What if there is a formula that is THE Formula of formulas
to predictably create all of this? What if?
C h a p t e r 1 :
16
C h a p t e r 1 :
What Is Integrous
Influence And Why
Does It Matter?
Cicero
Bugs Bunny
WWE
Abraham Lincoln
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Helen Keller
Jesus
Benjamin Franklin
Willy Wonka
Peter Pan
Tinker Bell
Charlie Chaplin
What Is Integrous Influence And Why Does It Matter?
17
Bruce Springsteen
Tony Robbins
Malcolm X
Warren Buffett
Mark Zuckerberg
Barack Obama
Elon Musk
Oprah Winfrey
Taylor Swift
Muhammad Ali
Michael Jordan’s Mother, Deloris
Herb Brooks
Nelson Mandela
Mahatma Gandhi
Mother Teresa
Frank Sinatra
Tom Brady
Derek Jeter
Bill Gates
Gerry Spence
George Washington
Jeff Bezos
Socrates
Batman
Dr. Seuss
And…
C h a p t e r 1 :
18
Mickey Mouse
What do these people and characters have in common?
Hint: It is not green eggs and ham.
Of course, they possess the only attainable superpower of
Influence Mastery.
In 1954 Roger Bannister achieved the superhuman feat of
running a sub-four-minute mile at precisely 3:59.4 seconds.
But, was it actually superhuman?
Less than fifty days later, Roger Bannister’s record was
broken.
In the nearly seventy years that have passed since Roger
Bannister ran 3 minutes 59 seconds, 16 seconds have been
shaved off of Roger Bannister’s impossible achievement.
The current record is approximately seven percent faster than
Roger Bannister’s time.
According to reference.com, the average person can run a
mile in nine minutes.
This means that the world record holder is about 2.5 times
faster in the mile than the average person.
What do you think the difference in influence is between the
above list of people and the average person?
One in 25,000 companies makes it to ten million dollars.
Mickey Mouse’s company is worth 185 billion dollars.
George Washington defeated the greatest fighting power the
world had ever seen.
Abraham Lincoln kept that nation from destroying itself.
The median net worth of an American family is $121,700.
Oprah Winfrey’s net worth is 3 billion dollars.
What Is Integrous Influence And Why Does It Matter?
19
For those keeping score at home, this means that Oprah
Winfrey has an approximately 25,000 times higher net worth
than the average American family.
To equal Oprah, Roger Bannister would have to run a mile
in less than one-tenth of one second.
I don’t think anyone is doing that any time soon.
And, Warren Buffett’s net worth is 35 times that of Oprah
Winfrey.
This is why we, with absolute certainty, proclaim that influence
is the greatest attainable superpower for a human being.
And, nothing else is even arguably close.
This is why this book matters more than anything else you
can possibly read and actualize.
What is Influence?
Influence is the ability to transfer an idea from your mind,
heart, and soul to more than one person’s mind, heart, and soul,
have them receive it, understand it, and act upon it due to energetic
transference.
Integrous Influence is when we are adding more value than
we are taking to more than one person and we are fully transparent
with our intentions.
Jeff Bezos is worth nearly 200 billion dollars and his influence
changed how America and other incredibly successful
nations shop and so much more.
Helen Keller raised tens of millions of dollars for charity (in
today’s dollars), and she could not see, hear or speak (for most
of her life).
In 1982 the WWF was purchased for one million dollars.
C h a p t e r 1 :
20
Currently, WWE, the WWF’s successor company is worth
nearly 8 billion dollars.
Deloris Jordan, Michael Jordan’s mother, rejected Nike’s
$250,000 offer and instead created an ecosystem merger with
Nike that resulted in Michael Jordan, who was paid 90 million
dollars during his NBA career, to receive 1.3 billion dollars from
Nike. 1.3 billion is approximately 5,200 times $250,000.
The differences are not linear. They are exponential, and at
times, even infinite.
These folks, fictional characters, and entities possessed the
highest level of ability to transfer an idea from the mind, heart,
and soul to the minds, hearts, and souls of billions of people and
have their ideas received and acted upon.
Integrous Influence includes but is not limited to:
1. Leadership
2. Management
3. Public Speaking
4. Hosting / Entertaining
5. Introducing And Working With New Groups
6. Any Other Category You Could Possibly Think Of Where
There Is Any Group Of People
Leadership:
Influence is a crucial aspect of leadership. Here are some
examples of how Influence applies to leadership:
Building consensus: Leaders often need to build consensus
within a group in order to achieve a common goal. This requires
What Is Integrous Influence And Why Does It Matter?
21
the leader to influence the group by encouraging dialogue,
addressing concerns, and finding common ground.
What do you think it took for the founding fathers to bring
the thirteen colonies together to declare independence, commit
treason punishable by death, and take on the greatest fighting
force the world had ever seen by signing the Declaration of
Independence on July 4th, 1776?
Inspiring and motivating: Leaders need to inspire and motivate
their teams to achieve success. This requires the leader to
influence the group by setting a clear vision, articulating goals,
and demonstrating their own commitment to success.
How many people do you think could have done what Herb
Brooks did to create the greatest upset in the history of organized
sports by aligning and inspiring college hockey players to
defeat the greatest hockey power the world had ever seen, the
Soviets, in the 1980 Miracle on Ice?
Encouraging innovation: Leaders often need to encourage
innovation within a group in order to achieve breakthrough
results. This requires the leader to influence the group by creating
a supportive environment for creativity and risk-taking, and
by providing resources and support for experimentation.
How about Bill Gates and IBM?
Promoting diversity and inclusion: Leaders need to promote
diversity and inclusion within their teams in order to achieve
better results. This requires the leader to influence the group by
creating a culture that values and respects differences, and by
encouraging open communication and collaboration.
MLK, Mother Teresa, Helen Keller, and Nelson Mandela,
anyone?
Managing conflict: Leaders often need to manage conflict
within their teams in order to maintain productivity and
C h a p t e r 1 :
22
cohesion. This requires the leader to influence the group by providing
guidance and support, promoting active listening and
understanding, and finding solutions that meet the needs of all
parties.
Thank you, Abraham Lincoln, for saving and transforming
America.
Overall, influence is a key component of effective leadership.
By building consensus, inspiring and motivating, encouraging
innovation, promoting diversity and inclusion, and managing
conflict, leaders can create a positive and productive environment
for their teams and achieve success.
How does Mickey Mouse keep all of the Disney princesses
from pulling each other’s hair out?
Management:
Influence is also an important aspect of management. Here
are some examples of how influence applies to management:
Creating a positive work environment: Managers need to
influence the group by creating a positive work environment
that promotes productivity, creativity, and job satisfaction. This
requires the manager to listen to employee feedback, foster open
communication, and promote teamwork.
How about Vince McMahon and the WWE? Those good
guys and bad guys certainly worked together to build an 8-billion-
dollar empire.
Setting performance expectations: Managers need to influence
the group by setting clear performance expectations that
align with the organization’s goals. This requires the manager
to communicate expectations effectively, provide feedback and
coaching, and recognize and reward performance.
What Is Integrous Influence And Why Does It Matter?
23
Do you know why Bruce Springsteen believes the E Street
Band was the greatest performing live act in rock history? It’s
because he made them.
Managing change: Managers need to influence the group by
managing change effectively. This requires the manager to communicate
the need for change, address concerns and resistance,
and support employees through the transition.
George Washington saved America when he convinced the
fledgling unpaid United States military not to revolt and destroy
the capital.
Developing talent: Managers need to influence the group by
developing talent and building skills within the organization.
This requires the manager to identify employee strengths and
weaknesses, provide training and development opportunities,
and offer career development support.
How about Batman and the Justice League?
Fostering collaboration: Managers need to influence the
group by fostering collaboration and teamwork. This requires
the manager to encourage open communication, promote
knowledge sharing, and facilitate cooperation between team
members.
Perhaps this was Frank Sinatra and the Rat Pack, until they
were fighting over women.
Overall, influence is an essential aspect of effective management.
By creating a positive work environment, setting performance
expectations, managing change, developing talent, and
fostering collaboration, managers can promote productivity, job
satisfaction, and organizational success.
McDonald’s was even able to keep Warren Buffett as a client
after all these years.
C h a p t e r 1 :
24
Public Speaking:
Influence is also important in public speaking. Here are some
examples of how influence applies to public speaking:
Engaging the audience: Public speakers need to influence the
group by engaging the audience and capturing their attention.
This requires the speaker to use storytelling, humor, and other
techniques to connect with the audience and create a memorable
experience.
Do you have a dream? MLK certainly did.
Conveying a clear message: Public speakers need to influence
the group by conveying a clear message that resonates with the
audience. This requires the speaker to use language that is clear
and concise, and to organize the content in a logical and compelling
way.
Malcolm X was not confused about where he stood.
Establishing credibility: Public speakers need to influence
the group by establishing credibility and expertise in their
subject matter. This requires the speaker to provide evidence
and examples to support their claims, and to use language that
demonstrates their knowledge and experience.
The Apostles were not confused as they went from 11 (Judas
did not quite make it) to 2.2 billion Christians.
Creating a call to action: Public speakers need to influence
the group by creating a call to action that inspires the audience
to take action or change their behavior. This requires the speaker
to provide a clear and compelling reason for the audience to take
action, and to provide actionable steps that the audience can
take.
Tony Robbins? Are you kidding me? The dude gets people to
walk on fire…and pay him meaningfully to do it.
What Is Integrous Influence And Why Does It Matter?
25
Building rapport with the audience: Public speakers need to
influence the group by building rapport with the audience. This
requires the speaker to be authentic, show empathy, and connect
with the audience on a personal level.
People don’t care how much you know until they know how
much you care.
Overall, influence is an important aspect of public speaking.
By engaging the audience, conveying a clear message, establishing
credibility, creating a call to action, and building rapport
with the audience, public speakers can create a memorable and
impactful experience for their listeners.
How did that Sean Callagy guy shatter sales records from
Tony Robbins’ stage?
Hosting / Entertaining:
Influence is also important when hosting or entertaining.
Here are some examples of how influence applies to hosting/
entertaining:
Creating a welcoming atmosphere: Hosts need to influence
the group by creating a welcoming atmosphere that makes
guests feel comfortable and at home. This requires the host to
greet guests warmly, provide refreshments and entertainment,
and introduce guests to each other.
Tink, a living nativity scene, really?
Promoting conversation and interaction: Hosts need to
influence the group by promoting conversation and interaction
between guests. This requires the host to facilitate introductions,
provide ice-breaker activities, and encourage guests to mingle
and socialize.
Have you met Tink’s pal, Ebenezer Scrooge?
Setting the tone and mood: Hosts need to influence the
group by setting the tone and mood of the event. This requires
C h a p t e r 1 :
26
the host to select appropriate music, decorations, and activities
that align with the theme and mood of the event.
Or maybe, just have it snow inside.
Managing conflicts and issues: Hosts need to influence
the group by managing conflicts and issues that arise during
the event. This requires the host to address issues promptly,
discreetly, and professionally, and to ensure that all guests feel
comfortable and respected.
Adam Gugino often had to do this as women fought over
him in the New Jersey club scene, leading to him almost becoming
a reality television star.
Creating a memorable experience: Hosts need to influence
the group by creating a memorable experience that guests will
enjoy and remember. This requires the host to provide unique
and memorable activities, entertainment, and experiences that
leave a lasting impression on the guests.
Tink, little people, is that actually still legal?
Overall, influence is an important aspect of hosting and
entertaining. By creating a welcoming atmosphere, promoting
conversation and interaction, setting the tone and mood,
managing conflicts and issues, and creating a memorable experience,
hosts can ensure that guests have a positive and enjoyable
experience.
See you at next year’s Unblinded and Callagy Law Christmas
and Holiday Party.
Introducing And Working With New Groups:
Influence is also important when introducing and working
with new groups. Here are some examples of how influence
applies to introducing and working with new groups:
Building relationships: When working with new groups,
it is important to build relationships with the members. This
What Is Integrous Influence And Why Does It Matter?
27
requires the individual to introduce themselves, show interest
in the group and its members, and ask questions to get to know
them better.
Willy Wonka always integrated with the Oompa Loompas.
Demonstrating expertise: When working with new groups,
it is important to demonstrate expertise in the subject matter
or field. This requires the individual to share their knowledge,
experience, and credentials, and to provide examples of their
work or accomplishments.
The perfect example of this is Fernando Valencia teaching
people how to style their hair.
Providing value: When working with new groups, it is
important to provide value to the members. This requires the
individual to understand the needs and goals of the group, and
to provide solutions or resources that can help them achieve
their objectives.
Derek Jeter was captain of the New York Yankees not because
he had the best personal stats, but because he caused his team to
win championships.
Building trust: When working with new groups, it is important
to build trust with the members. This requires the individual
to be honest, transparent, and reliable, and to follow through on
commitments and promises.
Perhaps Adam Gugino causing everyone to jump into ice
baths right before Leigh Steinberg’s Super Bowl Party is a prime
example of this.
Communicating effectively: When working with new
groups, it is important to communicate effectively with the
members. This requires the individual to use clear and concise
language, active listening skills, and the appropriate tone and
body language to convey their message.
C h a p t e r 1 :
28
Bugs Bunny does this. Daffy Duck does not.
Overall, influence is an important aspect of introducing and
working with new groups. By building relationships, demonstrating
expertise, providing value, building trust, and communicating
effectively, individuals can establish themselves as credible
and valuable members of the group, and make a positive
impact on its success.
Other Categories:
Some other examples of how influence can apply in different
areas:
Marketing: In marketing, influence can be leveraged by
using social proof, testimonials, and endorsements from influencers
to influence purchasing decisions and create a sense of
community around a Heroic Unique Identity.
Social media: On social media, influence can be seen in the
form of likes, shares, and comments. Social media algorithms
also use influence to promote content that is popular or trending
among a user’s social network.
Can you believe that Rob Gill is now a social media influencer?
The dude was afraid to shoot a single video when I met
him.
Politics: In politics, influence can be used to mobilize voters,
influence public opinion, and rally support for a candidate
or cause. This can be achieved through grassroots organizing,
social media campaigns, and strategic messaging.
No one knew who Barack Obama was, and then he was
elected to the most powerful position on the planet Earth.
Education: In education, influence can be used to promote
learning and encourage participation. This can be achieved
through group projects, collaborative learning, and peer
mentoring.
What Is Integrous Influence And Why Does It Matter?
29
Oh wait, isn’t this what Unblinded is?
Sports: In sports, influence can be used to build team
cohesion, motivate athletes, and create a sense of camaraderie
among teammates. This can be achieved through team-building
exercises, shared goals, and a sense of shared responsibility for
success.
Without doing this on the court for six NBA titles, Michael
Jordan doesn’t get the 1.3 billion dollars from Nike.
Overall, influence is a powerful tool that can be leveraged in
a variety of contexts to achieve different goals and outcomes. By
understanding how influence works and how it can be applied,
individuals and organizations can maximize their potential for
success.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Influence:
1. What is influence?
2. What is integrous influence?
3. Why does influence matter so much and how would you
quantify its value?
C h a p t e r 1 :
30
4. If you do not master influence, what is it costing you?
5. If you master influence and are not deploying it, what is
it costing you and how does it cost you now and for the rest of
your life?
6. Name 5 famous examples of influence that powerfully
inspire you from nonfiction.
7. Name 5 examples of influence from fiction that powerfully
inspire you.
What Is Integrous Influence And Why Does It Matter?
31
8. Name 5 examples of the influence of people you know
personally and the effect their Influence has had on their own
lives and the lives of others.
9. What are your commitments around your own Influence
Mastery?
10. How committed are you to 20x your influence now?
C h a p t e r 2 :
32
C h a p t e r 2 :
Modeling The Greatest
“Success leaves clues,” says Tony Robbins.
What does this mean?
It means do what works, do not reinvent the wheel, but rather
conserve massive amounts of time and energy.
Thus, who is the most masterful at influence, and what do
they have in common?
Muhammad Ali, Oprah Winfrey, Malcolm X, Bruce
Springsteen, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Tony Robbins, Gerry
Spence, Willy Wonka, Robin Williams, Batman, high school
coaches of mine like Larry Ennis, Dennis Slezak, Stan Woods,
and Tom Faloto, amongst others have all formed the basis of
the Integrity-Based Human Influence model of the Unblinded
Formula.
All of these people have had tremendous success in causing
influence from world to national, to state, and local levels.
Who else would you model?
Modeling The Greatest
33
Modeling is: identifying individuals or even fictional characters
who embody the characteristics, values, and beliefs we wish
to emulate. This journey is not about replicating someone else’s
life or success, but rather, it’s about adopting their best attributes
to empower our own growth.
We have identified the greatest people from the real world
that you do not know, your greatest fictional characters, and the
greatest people you do know in Influence.
Simply put, Modeling is the process of following the optimal
formula (a.k.a. recipe) based on those individuals who have
produced the outcome at the level and efficiency which you are
seeking.
The first step is to determine what the specific “outcome” is
that you are aiming to achieve. What is an outcome? It is a result
that is written, specific, numerical, and can be measured and
monitored for the purpose of determining conditions of success,
optimizing processes and strategies, and celebrating.
The second step is finding an “expert” in that field, i.e., someone
who has done exactly what you are trying to do.
The third step is to find out what they did and duplicate
their process (i.e., get their recipe). If you are using a recipe, you
have to follow the exact recipe to produce the exact same result.
If you deviate from the recipe, you produce a different result –
sometimes better, sometimes worse.
Do not change the process until you are certain you have
mastered it.
The failure to adhere to the process results in a false belief
that the process does not work. If you do not follow the recipe
(i.e., miss or skip ingredients), you cannot claim that the product
is awful.
C h a p t e r 2 :
34
The fourth step is to take massive zone action using that set
process.
Modeling The Greatest:
We can learn from Batman’s dedication to justice and his
unwavering commitment to his mission, despite facing adversity.
Or we can draw inspiration from Bruce Springsteen’s work
ethic and his ability to connect with audiences through authentic
storytelling.
We must first open our hearts to the possibility of personal
transformation and then develop the framework within the
Formula to bring it to life.
When selecting masters to model, remember that no one is
perfect. It’s important to recognize that you can appreciate and
learn from certain aspects of a person or character without necessarily
endorsing everything they stand for. Be discerning and
select the qualities that resonate most with you and your goals.
For instance, you might admire Muhammad Ali for his
unshakable self-confidence and ability to stand up for his beliefs,
or Coach Herb Brooks for his leadership and ability to inspire a
diverse group of individuals to come together as a cohesive unit.
Consider Modeling different individuals for various areas of
your life. You may admire one person for their business acumen,
such as Oprah Winfrey, who built a media empire through perseverance,
vision, and a commitment to empowering others. Or
you might be inspired by someone like Tony Robbins for his
emotional intelligence and ability to help people break through
limiting beliefs.
By drawing inspiration from multiple sources, you can create
a rich tapestry of attributes that will guide you on your path to
mastery.
Modeling The Greatest
35
Once you have identified the Masters you choose to model,
begin to explore their beliefs and actions. What are the core
principles that guide their decision-making? How do they
approach challenges, and what habits or rituals have they
adopted to maintain their focus and motivation? What habits
have they formed and what precise actions do they take to reach
their masterful skill sets? By understanding these elements, you
can begin to integrate them into your own life.
For example, Jay Abraham, a renowned marketing strategist,
has a deep understanding of the principle of leverage and
is known for finding innovative ways to create value for businesses.
By studying his thought process and approach, you can
gain insights into developing creative marketing strategies for
your own endeavors.
Another example is Abraham Lincoln, who demonstrated
great empathy, humility, and a commitment to unity in the face
of division. By embodying these values, you can cultivate stronger
relationships and foster collaboration in your personal and
professional life.
Remember, the key to successful Modeling is to transform
these insights into actionable steps. For instance, if you want to
develop the same intellectual curiosity as Albert Einstein, dedicate
time each day to reading, attending seminars, or engaging
in other educational activities.
In relation to influence, when individuals see someone whom
they respect or admire behaving in a particular way, they are
more likely to imitate that behavior themselves. This can be
particularly effective in group contexts, where social norms and
expectations can have a strong influence on individual behavior.
Modeling can be used in a variety of ways to influence
behavior. For example, a leader might model positive behaviors
such as punctuality, hard work, and cooperation in order to set a
C h a p t e r 2 :
36
positive example for others. Alternatively, group members might
model behaviors such as active listening, empathy, and openness
in order to create a more positive and supportive group dynamic.
Let’s check in for a self-assessment on modeling:
1. What is modeling?
2. Why is modeling so valuable?
3. What is deletion, distortion, and dilution and why are
they the destroyers of modeling?
4. How do you optimally bring modeling into
actualization?
Modeling The Greatest
37
5. What is the relationship between influence and
modeling?
C h a p t e r 3 .
38
C h a p t e r 3 .
What If There Is a
Formula For Modeling
Integrous Influence?
Influence Mastery: How Do You Go From “Hello” to “Yes”
With Integrity?
Nothing has ever been created between two humans without
a “yes.”
Thus, our ability to cause “yes,” with integrity, in a world where
everyone wants to say “no” is incomprehensibly indispensable.
The masterful creation of “yes” looks like magic, but is actually
an advanced science.
Everything begins after “yes.”
Before we dive in, let’s take a moment to appreciate the limitless
potential of influence. Unlike other goals and achievements,
influence has no upper bounds. It is an infinite resource that has
shaped the lives and legacies of the world’s greatest leaders, such
What If There Is a Formula For Modeling Integrous Influence?
39
as Oprah Winfrey, Tony Robbins, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.,
and Jesus Christ.
These influential figures have one thing in common: they
wielded their influence with integrity. And so, in our journey
together, we’ll explore how to harness the power of influence in
a way that’s transparent, heart-centered, and focused on creating
a lasting, positive impact on others.
Our Integrity Based Human Influence model has four steps,
12 indispensable elements, and four energies. Let’s begin by
exploring the four steps in order.
Step 1: Building Emotional Rapport: The foundation of
influence is connecting with others on a deep, emotional level.
This is where we forge meaningful relationships that serve as
the bedrock for our influence. Remember, people are drawn to
those who make them feel seen, heard, and understood.
Step 2: Truth to Pain and Yes Strategy: Every individual has
pain points – unmet needs, desires, or challenges. In this step,
we explore the truth and those pain points, and create strategies
that address them in a way that empowers others to say “yes” to
our ideas and initiatives.
Step 3: Creating and Conveying Your Heroic Unique
Identity: Each of us has a unique story to tell, and it’s essential
to share that story authentically. By doing so, we create a heroic
identity that others are drawn to, making our influence even
more impactful.
Step 4: Agreement Formation: The final step in our journey
within the four steps is forming agreements with others, built
on trust and mutual benefit. This is where our influence truly
shines, allowing us to create lasting, positive change.
C h a p t e r 3 .
40
The four steps, however, are robotic and meaningless without
two other vital components of Integrity Based Human
Influence.
Accordingly, the second piece is the 12 Indispensable
Elements that are flowing through your optimal use of the four
steps.
Now, let’s explore the 12 Indispensable Elements of Influence
Mastery. Use the acronym S.M.A.L.L.E.R. Q.V.C.C.C. to
remember these elements, which should be present throughout
the four steps:
Integrous Scarcity: Value is often derived from scarcity.
Emphasize the unique, limited nature of your offerings to
encourage others to take action.
Matching & Mirroring: Connect with others by reflecting
their verbal and nonverbal cues, creating a sense of rapport and
trust.
Acknowledgement: Recognize and appreciate the thoughts,
feelings, and actions of others. It should be deep and authentic
and show the other person that you see them, you hear them,
and what they say matters to you. Make sure that the acknowledgement
is received.
Level 5 Transformational Listening: Truly listen to others,
not just to respond, but to understand their perspective and
emotions.
Unconditional Love With Boundaries for All People:
Approach everyone with love and compassion, while also maintaining
healthy boundaries. Everything a person does is an act
of love or a cry for help.
Emotional and Energetic Transference: Share your positive
emotions and energy with others, creating a contagious atmosphere
of enthusiasm and motivation.
What If There Is a Formula For Modeling Integrous Influence?
41
Reciprocity: Create a sense of mutual giving and receiving,
where both parties benefit from the relationship.
Question Mastery (Power of Questions): Ask thoughtful,
open-ended questions that encourage others to share their experiences
and insights.
Validation: Affirm the emotions, experiences, and perspectives
of others, creating an environment of trust and safety.
Congruence: Ensure your words, actions, and intentions
align, demonstrating authenticity and reliability.
Context: Frame situations and information in a way that
highlights the value and relevance to others.
Contrast: Highlight the differences between options, emphasizing
the benefits and desirability of your preferred choice.
Now that we’ve covered the Four Steps and 12 Indispensable
Elements, let’s delve into the Four Energies of Integrity Based
Human Influence. These energies should be varied and displayed
throughout your interactions with others:
Fun: Bring a sense of playfulness and humor to your interactions.
This energy lightens the atmosphere and makes people
feel at ease in your presence. Fun is exciting and energized, true
and truth revealing. Fun Energy can have the element of surprise
or unexpectedness. Fun energy is certain.
Aspirational: Inspire others by sharing your vision and passion.
This energy motivates people to strive for greatness and
join you on your journey. Aspirational Energy has future vision
and takes someone with you to that higher place.
Goddess: Embody warmth, nurturing, and empathy. This
energy creates a safe space for others to open up and connect
with you on a deeper level. It is flowing and light, loving and
heart-centered.
C h a p t e r 3 .
42
Zeus: Display confidence, decisiveness, certainty, and
strength. This energy commands respect and trust, demonstrating
your ability to lead and make tough decisions.
Now that we’ve explored the foundations of Influence
Mastery, remember to practice these, lock these in and truly
model them in order to rise in your Integrous Influence Mastery
and Integrous Influence Mastery.
By understanding the dynamics of group behavior and using
Integrous Influence Mastery, individuals can leverage the power
of group dynamics to achieve shared goals and objectives.
Remember, the true measure of Influence Mastery lies not in
the number of followers or accolades we accumulate, but in the
positive impact we create in the lives of others. By committing
to the principles of Integrity Based Human Influence, you are
choosing to be a force for good in the world, empowering those
around you to achieve greatness and leaving a lasting, beautiful
legacy.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Modeling Influence:
1. Is Influence a part of modeling?
What If There Is a Formula For Modeling Integrous Influence?
43
2. What are the three components of going from Hello to
Yes with Influence?
3. What are the Four Steps of Influence to go from Hello
to Yes?
4. What are the 12 Indispensable Elements of Influence?
5. What are the Four Energies of Influence?
C h a p t e r 4 :
44
C h a p t e r 4 :
Which Of The
Twenty To Begin With:
Energetic Transference
With Congruence And
Integrous Scarcity
No energetic transference, nothing happens.
Remembering that influence is the ability to transfer
an idea from your mind, heart, and soul to someone else’s mind,
heart, and soul have them receive it, understand it, and act upon
it due to energetic transference, lets truly begin to explore the
indispensable element of Emotional and Energetic Transference
and why it is vital to master.
This indispensable element is about sharing your emotions
and energy with others, creating a contagious atmosphere where
that energy is received and transfused into the other person.
When your energy is received, knowingness and certainty
become disrupted, and potentially action is forwarded toward
the outcome.
Which Of The Twenty To Begin With: Energetic Transference With Congruence And Integrous Scarcity
45
Energetic Transference, when congruent, can help to create a
sense of shared purpose and alignment within the group. When
individuals share a common goal or vision, and are enthusiastic
and motivated about achieving it, it can create a sense of unity
and collaboration that can help the group to overcome obstacles
and achieve success.
The indispensable element of Congruence is about the
alignment of your words, vocal qualities, and body language,
demonstrating authenticity and reliability. Our alignment or
lack thereof creates or destroys our influence.
Overall, congruence is important for influence because it
builds trust, enhances credibility, makes your message more
memorable, and increases persuasion. By ensuring that your verbal
and nonverbal communication are aligned, you can increase
your influence and achieve your goals more effectively.
Now, let’s examine the indispensable element of Integrous
Scarcity.
Remembering that value is often derived from scarcity,
emphasize the unique, limited nature of your offerings to
encourage others to take action. Integrous Scarcity in influence
involves using scarcity as a motivator, but doing so in a way that
is honest, transparent, and fair.
For integrous scarcity to be present, there must be no “chase
energy.” Rather, it is about preference without attachment.
When we are approaching individuals or groups, it is key
to remember that they exist in the pattern of the “default no”
which must be integrously disrupted. This is akin to a scared
deer.
Always be transparent and truthful, in absolute integrity,
with love and respect, proverbially holding their hand to slowly
guide them to the most optimal and integrous outcome.
C h a p t e r 4 :
46
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Energetic Transference
With Congruence and Integrous Scarcity:
1. What is the relationship between Influence and Energetic
Transference?
2. Where is your current level of Energetic Transference?
3. What are the elements of optimizing your Energetic
Transference?
4. What is Congruence and how does it relate to certainty?
Which Of The Twenty To Begin With: Energetic Transference With Congruence And Integrous Scarcity
47
5. Where is your current level of Congruence in your public
speaking?
6. How can you optimize by 20x now?
7. How will you commit to actualizing that growth?
8. What is Integrous Scarcity?
C h a p t e r 4 :
48
9. Where is your current level of Integrous Scarcity in your
speaking?
10. How can you optimize that by 20x?
11. How are you committed to actualizing?
The Four Energies
49
C h a p t e r 5 :
The Four Energies
Robin Williams
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Snow White
Muhammad Ali
Each of these people beautifully represents Fun, Aspirational,
Goddess, and Zeus Energy in sequence.
The key to The 4 Energies is the understanding that
Influence Mastery takes place when there is a variance of our
energies authentically, fluidly, fluently, and congruently, as well
as bringing those out in the people we are connecting and communicating
with.
1. Fun
The primary use of Fun Energy is to make others smile,
create memories, light-hearted enjoyment and pleasure. Fun is
the secret ingredient. It can be used on most occasions (when
C h a p t e r 5 :
50
congruent). It’s a beautiful way to show a new side of you, a side
that shows vulnerability and humility. Step 1 of The 4 Steps,
which is “Building Emotional Rapport,” is a great time to use
this energy. It will create confidence and allow others around
you to show other sides of themselves as well. An example of
Fun Energy could be bringing leprechauns and Irish dancers to
a work event to celebrate Saint Patrick’s Day, or inviting mermaids
to a beach party in Long Beach Island.
2. Aspirational/Inspirational
The outcome of this energy is to take people to a higher
vibrational place, a place of their dreams and where they can
practically reach those dreams. The primary use of this energy
is to inspire, create possibility, and have others “see their future
in you.” An access point when using this energy is during Step
3, which is “Creating And Conveying Your Heroic Unique
Identity.” Gandhi’s famous quote, “Be the change you wish to
see in the world,” is an example of aspirational energy he used
to inspire others to action. Gandhi’s leadership and aspirational
energy played a significant role in India’s eventual independence
from British rule.
3. Goddess
The primary use of Goddess Energy is to love, to empathize,
and to share your Level 5 Listening with compassion. Goddess
Energy is light, nurturing, and flowing. This energy can be most
optimal in practicing the indispensable elements of acknowledgement
and validation. An example of this energy can be,
“David, I’m beyond grateful for all the attention you’ve given to
the Samson case. I rest so easily at night knowing your diligence
is present there. Thank you for protecting my business and my
family through your relentless hard work and unwavering attention
to detail.”
The Four Energies
51
4. Zeus
The primary use of this energy is to decide, to choose, to
disrupt, and to formulate agreement. Zeus energy is strong,
certain, and resolved. Although all energies must be varied
throughout the 4 steps, Zeus energy is exceptional when in
“Agreement Formation.” An example of Zeus energy would be
saying “Nick, I am ready to dive to my personal record depth of
one hundred feet today and I am not the slightest bit deterred by
the 800lb sharks in the water.” Another example of Zeus Energy
would be Courtney Callagy’s unwavering and unalterable commitment
to rescuing endangered species and not letting anyone
stand in the way of her mission. It can also be seen in Emma
Callagy being referred to as “the fiercest hurdler in Emerson
history” due to her undeterrable commitment to mastery and
excellence for the sake of the team.
Overall, energy variance is crucial for influence, as it can help
to drive positive change, stimulate creativity and innovation,
and create a sense of dynamic cohesion and momentum within
the group. By managing energy variance effectively, groups can
leverage the diverse skills and perspectives of their members to
achieve their shared goals and objectives.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on the Four Energies:
1. What are the four energies?
C h a p t e r 5 :
52
2. Why are the four energies an integral part of Integrous
Influence?
3. Which energy or energies are necessary for confronts?
4. Which energy is flowing and light?
5. Why is it necessary to master all four energies and not just
one?
The Four Energies
53
6. Where are you on the scale of mastery in relation to the
four energies?
7. Where can you rise 20x in your mastery of the four
energies?
8. How committed are you to rising your mastery within the
four energies?
C h a p t e r 6 :
54
C h a p t e r 6 :
Loving Everyone
Unconditionally With
Boundaries And
Goddess Energy
What if we have no enemies and hate no one?
What if we actually love our neighbor as we love
ourselves?
Only from this place can we authentically and integrously
cause people to feel seen, heard, and truly understood.
Is unconditional love actually possible?
Yes.
Love is a critical element of influence because it drives the
integrity of the process. We must, with boundaries, love everyone.
The beginning of the ability to love everyone is recognizing
that everything people do is either a cry for help or an act of
love.
Loving Everyone Unconditionally With Boundaries And Goddess Energy
55
We define love as presence, curiosity, and genuine caring
that is non-judgmental, presence being that you listen deeply
with those you are in communication with, blocking out any
noise and distraction in your mind or around you. Being
curious about who you’re interacting with will lead to others
sharing more unique elements about themselves. Lastly, is being
non-judgmental. When people share their pain and vulnerability,
we may not always agree with what is being said. Truly
loving people involves creating that space of comfort and safety
so that others can share deeply and honestly.
Everything is an act of love or a cry for help.
A cry for help occurs when someone is not having their needs
met.
Overall, loving everyone unconditionally with boundaries is
key for influence, as it creates a positive and supportive group
dynamic that encourages open communication, collaboration,
and growth. By cultivating this type of environment, groups
can achieve their shared goals and objectives more effectively,
and can create a more positive and fulfilling experience for all
members.
The primary use of Goddess Energy is to love, to empathize,
show compassion, and to share your Level 5 Listening. Goddess
energy can be most optimal in practicing the indispensable elements
of acknowledgement and validation for example.
When dealing with difficult confronts, it is critical to use
not only powerful and resolved Zeus Energy, but also to be able
to drop into Goddess Energy effectively and efficiently so that
you drop back into your heart with love and empathy for the
individual.
C h a p t e r 6 :
56
Confronts are part of Loving Everyone Unconditionally
With Boundaries. We often refer to these as “carefronts.” No
matter what has transpired, confronts should always be done
using the ERPD method, with Empathy, Precision, Respect,
and Directness. Confronting with ERPD is key to maintaining
boundaries and Goddess Energy is a key piece of this, along
with strong and decisive Zeus energy.
Overall, Goddess Energy can be an important aspect of influence,
as it emphasizes qualities such as nurturing, compassion,
intuition, and creativity that can create a positive and supportive
group dynamic. By leveraging these qualities effectively, individuals
can inspire and influence others toward positive change
and achieve their shared goals and objectives.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Loving People
Unconditionally With Boundaries and Goddess Energy:
1. What does it mean to love people unconditionally with
boundaries?
2. Must we love even those who have hurt us and even stolen
from us?
Loving Everyone Unconditionally With Boundaries And Goddess Energy
57
3. Does loving everyone unconditionally even include criminals
and murderers? Why?
4. What is Goddess Energy?
5. Why is it important to master Goddess Energy?
6. In which situations is it best to employ our mastery of
Goddess Energy? Why?
C h a p t e r 6 :
58
7. How would you rate your mastery of loving people unconditionally
with boundaries?
8. How committed are you to rising in your mastery to
20x your mastery of loving everyone unconditionally with
boundaries?
9. How would you rate your mastery of Goddess Energy?
10. How committed are you to rising in your mastery to 20x
your mastery of Goddess Energy?
Aspirational Energy
59
C h a p t e r 7 :
Aspirational Energy
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. had a dream.
And so do you…and so does everyone.
Without a vision, our dreams will perish.
The outcome of Aspirational Energy is to take people to a
higher vibrational place, a place of their dreams and where they
can practically reach those dreams. The primary use of this
energy is to inspire, create possibility, and have others “see their
future in you.” An access point when using this energy is during
Step 3, which is “Creating and Conveying Your Heroic Unique
Identity.” An example of this energy would be Dr. Martin
Luther King, Jr.’s “I Have a Dream” speech.
Aspirational Energy is imperative to influence for several
reasons:
Motivation: Aspirational Energy provides motivation to
achieve our goals and aspirations. It helps us to stay focused
and driven toward our desired outcomes, even when we face
obstacles or setbacks.
C h a p t e r 7 :
60
Growth: Aspirational Energy encourages personal growth
and development. It helps us to step out of our comfort zones,
try new things, and develop new skills and abilities.
Inspiration: Aspirational Energy inspires us to think bigger
and dream bigger. It encourages us to envision a better future
for ourselves and others, and to take action to bring that vision
to life.
Resilience: Aspirational Energy helps us to bounce back from
failure or disappointment. It gives us the strength and determination
to keep moving forward, even in the face of adversity.
Community: Aspirational Energy can be contagious, inspiring
others to pursue their own goals and aspirations. This can
create a sense of community and shared purpose, bringing people
together around a common vision for the future.
In short, Aspirational Energy is important for influence
because it fuels our ambitions, expands our horizons, and
empowers us to create a better world for ourselves and those
around us. It’s the spark that ignites our potential and propels
us toward our greatest aspirations.
Here are a few examples of famous individuals who have
embodied Aspirational Energy in their lives and careers:
Elon Musk: Elon Musk is an entrepreneur and innovator
who has founded several successful companies, including Tesla,
SpaceX, and The Boring Company. He is known for his vision
of a future that is powered by sustainable energy and for his
commitment to advancing human exploration and colonization
of space.
Nelson Mandela: Nelson Mandela was a South African
anti-apartheid revolutionary and political leader who served
as the country’s first black president from 1994 to 1999.
He is known for his commitment to justice, equality, and
Aspirational Energy
61
reconciliation, and for his unwavering determination to end
apartheid in South Africa.
Serena Williams: Serena Williams is a professional tennis
player who is widely regarded as one of the greatest athletes of
all time. She has overcome numerous challenges and setbacks
throughout her career, including injury and illness, and has
inspired millions of people around the world with her dedication,
resilience, and passion for the sport.
Oprah Winfrey: Oprah Winfrey is a media mogul, philanthropist,
and actress who has become one of the most influential
and inspirational figures of our time. She has overcome a challenging
childhood and numerous obstacles to become one of the
most successful women in media, and has inspired millions of
people around the world with her message of empowerment and
self-improvement.
Mahatma Gandhi: Mahatma Gandhi was an Indian independence
activist and political leader who is known for his philosophy
of nonviolent resistance. He inspired millions of people
around the world with his commitment to justice, equality,
and peace, and his message of nonviolent protest has inspired
numerous social justice movements over the years.
These individuals have all embodied Aspirational Energy in
their lives and careers, inspiring millions of people around the
world to dream big, work hard, and pursue their passions with
courage and determination. They serve as powerful role models
for anyone seeking to make a positive impact in the world and
to achieve their own goals and aspirations.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Aspirational Energy:
1. What is Aspirational Energy?
C h a p t e r 7 :
62
2. When is it best to employ Aspirational Energy in Integrous
Influence?
3. What do we risk losing if we do not master Aspirational
Energy?
4. Who are some individuals both fictional and non-fictional
who have mastered Aspirational Energy?
5. What would you rate your current mastery of Aspirational
Energy?
Aspirational Energy
63
6. How committed are you to rising in your mastery of
Aspirational Energy to 20x your current level of mastery?
C h a p t e r 8 :
64
C h a p t e r 8 :
Zeus Energy
Who decides?
You decide.
Who decides?
You decide.
The primary use of Zeus Energy is to decide, to choose, to
disrupt, and to formulate agreement. Although all energies
must be varied throughout the 4 steps, Zeus Energy is exceptional
when in “Agreement Formation.”
Zeus Energy displays confidence, decisiveness, certainty,
and strength. This energy commands respect and trust, demonstrating
your ability to lead, act decisively under pressure and in
complex or challenging situations.
Instances in business in which Zeus Energy is necessary are
below.
Crisis management: In times of crisis or emergency, it may
be necessary to use Zeus Energy to take charge and make quick
Zeus Energy
65
decisions. This can help to minimize damage and ensure the
safety and well-being of employees and customers.
Negotiating with other businesses: When negotiating with
other businesses, it may be necessary to use Zeus Energy to
assert your position and negotiate from a position of strength.
This can help to secure favorable deals and partnerships that are
fair, integrous, and mutually beneficial as opposed to one-sided
or non-integrous. Mastering Zeus energy will aid in defending
against those who are not acting transparently in regards to
their intentions and overarching outcomes.
Enforcing policies and procedures: In situations where policies
or procedures are not being followed, it may be necessary to
use Zeus Energy to enforce rules and regulations. This can help
to ensure consistency and fairness in the workplace.
It’s important to note that the use of Zeus Energy should be
balanced with the other three energies, Goddess, Aspirational,
and Fun energy. The ability to drop into each of the four energies
is an absolutely necessary piece of mastering Integrous
Influence.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Zeus Energy:
1. What is Zeus Energy?
2. Why is Zeus Energy crucial for Integrous Influence?
C h a p t e r 8 :
66
3. In what situations is it best to tap into our mastery of Zeus
Energy?
4. What do we risk losing if we do not master dropping into
Zeus Energy?
5. What individuals, both fictional and nonfictional, do you
know of who are true masters of Zeus Energy?
6. At what times is it necessary to employ both Zeus and
Goddess Energy together?
Zeus Energy
67
7. What would you rate your current mastery of Zeus Energy?
8. How committed are you to rising in your mastery of Zeus
Energy in order to 20x your current level of mastery?
C h a p t e r 9 :
68
C h a p t e r 9 :
Fun Energy
Fun Energy opens listening.
Robin Williams, Bugs Bunny, Willy Wonka, Ellen
DeGeneres, and any other person of influence who understands
that Fun Energy is truthful, light, and unexpected has mastery
of this energy.
The primary use of Fun Energy is to connect, make others
smile, create memories, and share genuine moments of joy, pleasure,
and laughter. Fun is the secret ingredient. It can be used
on most occasions (when congruent). After all, the saying goes
“Laughter is the best medicine.” It’s a beautiful way to show a
new side of you, a side that offers vulnerability and humility.
Step 1 of The 4 Steps, which is “Building Emotional Rapport”,
is a great time to use this energy. It will create confidence and
allow others around you to open up as well.
Bring a sense of playfulness and humor to your interactions.
This energy lightens the atmosphere and makes people feel at
ease in your presence. Fun is exciting and energized, true and
Fun Energy
69
truth-revealing. Fun Energy can have the element of surprise or
unexpectedness. Fun energy is certain.
Fun is about embracing the joy and wonder of life. Success
is not merely about working hard – it’s also about enjoying the
journey and celebrating the milestones along the way. By infusing
fun and magic into every aspect of your life, you’ll create an
environment that attracts success, happiness, and abundance.
There is a reason that Fun and Magic has its own lever in the
Seven Levers of Marketing and Sales Process Mastery, within
the Formula. Having fun and enjoying the process must be fully
present throughout the process of influence and all parts of the
Formula.
Fun energy is vital for influence because it can create a positive
and engaging environment that encourages participation,
creativity, and innovation. When individuals are having fun
and enjoying themselves, they are more likely to be open to new
ideas and perspectives, and more willing to take risks and try
new things.
Here are some ways that fun energy can be imperative for
influence:
Engagement and participation: When individuals are having
fun and enjoying themselves, they are more likely to be engaged
and actively participate. This can create a more collaborative
and productive group dynamic, making it easier to integrously
influence others and achieve shared goals and objectives.
Creativity and innovation: Fun Energy can also stimulate
creativity and innovation, as individuals are more likely to
think outside the box and come up with new and unconventional
ideas. This can be particularly useful in situations where
a creative or unconventional solution is needed to overcome a
challenge or achieve a goal.
C h a p t e r 9 :
70
Positive attitude and motivation: Fun Energy can create a
positive attitude and motivation within the group, as individuals
are more likely to feel inspired and motivated to work toward
shared goals and objectives. This can create a sense of momentum
and excitement, making it easier to influence others and
achieve positive change within the group.
Building relationships: Fun Energy can also be a powerful
tool for building relationships and fostering a sense of connection
and camaraderie within the group. By engaging in fun
and enjoyable activities together, individuals can create a sense
of shared experience and bond over common interests, making
it easier to influence others and achieve shared goals and
objectives.
Overall, Fun Energy can be a crucial aspect of influence, as it
can create a positive and engaging group dynamic that encourages
participation, creativity, and innovation. By leveraging fun
energy effectively, individuals can inspire and influence others
toward positive change and achieve their shared goals and
objectives.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Fun Energy:
1. What is Fun Energy?
2. Why is Fun Energy necessary for Integrous Influence?
Fun Energy
71
3. In what situations is it best to tap into our mastery of Fun
Energy?
4. When is it not appropriate to use Fun Energy? Why?
5. What will the inability to master Fun Energy cost us?
6. What would you rate your current level of mastery of Fun
Energy?
C h a p t e r 9 :
72
7. How committed are you to rising in your mastery of Fun
Energy in order to 20x your current level of mastery?
Matching And Mirroring
73
C h a p t e r 1 0 :
Matching And
Mirroring
Match minus in every situation…unless someone is dismissive,
disrespectful, or diminishing.
In that case, match plus.
If we do not effectively match, we have no influence because
we will either scare people away or allow people to think they
can steamroll us.
Matching and Mirroring is about physiology, tonality, and
word choice to match and mirror your counterparts’ exact physiology
including body position and posture, leading them to
a sense of alignment. Tonality refers to the pitch, speed, and
volume of someone’s voice. For example, if they begin to whisper,
it’s probably not a good idea to begin to yell. Lastly, we
have word choice. If they say the word awesome then we can say
the word awesome. Matching and mirroring is where you “meet
someone where they are and take them where you want them to
be, in integrity.”
C h a p t e r 1 0 :
74
Connect with others by reflecting their verbal and nonverbal
cues, creating a sense of rapport and trust. It’s important to use
these skills in a way that feels natural and authentic.
Matching and mirroring can be important for influence
because it helps to establish a sense of rapport and connection
between individuals, which can make them more receptive to
each other’s ideas and perspectives. When people feel a sense
of similarity and trust with each other, they are more likely to
cooperate and work together effectively, which can be beneficial
in a variety of group contexts.
In addition, matching and mirroring can help to create a
sense of group identity and cohesion. When individuals adopt
similar behaviors or mannerisms, it can signal that they are part
of the same group or share similar values or beliefs. This can be
particularly important in situations where a sense of unity and
shared purpose is necessary, such as in team sports or group
projects.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Matching and
Mirroring:
1. What is Matching and Mirroring?
2. Why is Matching and Mirroring necessary for Integrous
Influence?
Matching And Mirroring
75
3. In what situations is it best to employ the skill of Matching
and Mirroring? Why?
4. How is Matching and Mirroring different than Modeling?
5. What are some situations in which Matching and
Mirroring could have caused an outcome you desired had you
increased your mastery of this indispensable element? Why?
6. What can mastering this indispensable element cause for
you in your future outcomes?
C h a p t e r 1 0 :
76
7. What would you rate your current level of mastery of
Matching and Mirroring?
8. How can you rise 20x in your mastery of Matching and
Mirroring?
Acknowledgement
77
C h a p t e r 1 1 :
Acknowledgement
Oprah Winfrey said that she held the microphone for thirty
thousand people because she told them: “I see you, I hear
you, and what you say matters to me.”
In light of the fact that Oprah Winfrey is worth 3.5 billion
dollars, maybe there is something to master here.
Acknowledgment is the superpower to have people feel seen,
heard, as well as understood (the later element of Validation
completes the understanding). The distinctions between
this element and validation are close, yet still very different.
Acknowledgment is used when highlighting a heroic characteristic.
An example of this would be saying, “Tanya, your ability
to be present with people, listen deeply, and love them without
judgment is fascinating to me.” Now, in order for this to land
the right way, it must be honest and authentic. Simply saying
someone is awesome is another way to illustrate that you weren’t
completely listening.
Acknowledgement is necessary for influence because it
creates a sense of validation and respect within the group or
C h a p t e r 1 1 :
78
relationship, which can foster a positive and supportive dynamic.
When individuals feel acknowledged and appreciated for their
contributions and efforts, they are more likely to feel motivated
and engaged, and more willing to work together toward shared
goals and objectives.
Here are some ways that acknowledgement can be necessary
for influence:
Building trust and rapport: By acknowledging others for
their contributions and efforts, individuals can build trust and
rapport within the group or relationship. This can create a sense
of mutual respect and understanding, making it easier to integrously
influence others and achieve shared goals and objectives.
Encouraging positive behavior: By acknowledging positive
behavior within the group or relationship, individuals can
encourage others to continue behaving in a positive and constructive
way. This can help to create a more productive and
supportive dynamic, making it easier to integrously influence
others and achieve shared goals and objectives.
Fostering a positive attitude: Acknowledgement can also help
to foster a positive attitude within the group or relationship, as
individuals feel valued and appreciated for their contributions.
This can create a sense of motivation and inspiration, making
it easier to integrously influence others and achieve positive
change.
Creating a sense of community: Acknowledgement can
be a powerful tool for creating a sense of community within
the group or relationship, as individuals feel connected and
supported by others. This can create a more collaborative and
productive dynamic, making it easier to integrously influence
others and achieve shared goals and objectives.
Overall, acknowledgement is necessary for Integrous
Influence, as it creates a sense of validation and respect within
Acknowledgement
79
the group or relationship, fostering a positive and supportive
dynamic. By leveraging acknowledgement effectively, individuals
can inspire and integrously influence others toward positive
change and achieve their shared goals and objectives.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Acknowledgment:
1. What is acknowledgment?
2. Why is acknowledgement such a crucial indispensable
element?
3. What was the reason that Oprah said she held the microphone
for her 30,000 fans for so many years?
C h a p t e r 1 1 :
80
4. What can the mastery of acknowledgment cause in your
business? In your life? For you? For your loved ones? Today? Five
years from now? Ten years from now?
5. What will it cost you if you do not master the indispensable
element of acknowledgment?
6. What would you do to 20x your level of mastery of the
indispensable element of acknowledgment?
Level Five Listening
81
C h a p t e r 1 2 :
Level Five Listening
What if you could read minds?
Maybe you can.
Level 5 Transformational Listening is inferential and emotional
listening while also (1) understanding them potentially
better than they understand themselves on a conscious level and
(2) having them feel heard, seen, and understood like no human
ever has heard them before.
Truly listen to others, not just to respond, but to understand
their perspective and emotions.
Bring them present to the gift and value they have just
received.
Let’s examine the levels of listening from Level 0 to Level 5
Listening:
Level 0 - is subject change
Level 1 - is me too
Level 2 - is mirror only
C h a p t e r 1 2 :
82
Level 3 - is inferential
Level 4 - is some presence to emotion- unspoken
Level 5 - is ALL target - What is said, unsaid, vocal qualities,
body language and inferential, becoming present to why, with
love for all people
Level 0 Listening is a complete subject change. Someone
could be speaking of their love and appreciation for family connection
and you may change the subject to the football game.
This clearly breaks rapport.
Level 1 Listening is bringing the conversation back to yourself.
An example of this could be someone expressing their love
for the New York Mets baseball team. Instead of allowing them
to continue to share or going deeper into their share, this level
of listening moves the conversation to highlight yourself, your
own love for sports, and perhaps your fandom of the New York
Jets. It is important to focus on the other person if you wish to
establish any meaningful level of connection and depth.
Level 2 Listening is mirroring only. You are agreeing with
them, but still not establishing any level of deeper connection.
An example of listening that is mirror only is when a person
simply repeats back what the other person has said, without adding
any additional commentary or interpretation. For example,
if someone says “I’m feeling really frustrated about work right
now,” a mirror-only response might be “You’re feeling frustrated
about work.” The person simply restates what the other person
has said, without offering any additional thoughts or opinions
on the matter. While mirror-only listening can be useful in
some situations, such as when someone simply needs to be heard
and acknowledged, it is not always the most effective form of
listening. In order to build deeper connections and understanding
with others, it is often necessary to engage in more active
listening, which involves reflecting on what the other person
Level Five Listening
83
has said and responding in a thoughtful and empathetic way as
opposed to parroting back what they stated.
Level 3 Listening is inferential. You are able to gauge some
thoughts that are unspoken but the communication is still at
a surface level. Inferential listening is a type of listening that
involves interpreting and making inferences about the speaker’s
meaning and intentions, based on the context and nonverbal
cues. Unlike literal listening, which involves taking the speaker’s
words at face value, inferential listening requires the listener to
read between the lines.
Level 4 Listening has some presence to unspoken emotion
but you have not yet reached the true depth of connection that
allows the person to feel seen, heard, and understood in a way
that says what they share truly matters to you.
For example, if a person says “I’m fine,” but their tone of
voice and body language suggest that they are upset or angry, an
active listener may see this to mean that the person is not actually
fine, and might ask follow-up questions or offer support.
Inferential listening can be especially useful in situations
where there is a potential for miscommunication or misunderstandings,
such as in complex or emotionally charged conversations.
By reading between the lines and trying to understand
the speaker’s underlying meaning and intentions, you can build
deeper connections and facilitate more effective communication.
Men, when a woman says she is “fine,” is she typically actually
fine? If you are in this situation, the odds are not in your favor.
Level 5 Listening is ALL target - What is said, unsaid, vocal
qualities, body language and inferential, becoming present
to why, with love for all people. This type of listening leaves
someone feeling seen, heard, and understood, often at a level
greater than they have ever understood themselves. It leaves
them feeling, believing, and knowing that what they say truly
C h a p t e r 1 2 :
84
matters to you. It is the greatest gift you can truly give another
human being and a beautiful way to offer unconditional love
with boundaries to them.
Level 5 Listening involves a deep level of empathetic connection
and generative dialogue that can help to create transformative
change.
Overall, Level 5 Listening is important for influence, as it
creates a deep level of empathetic connection and generative
dialogue that can help to create transformative change. By leveraging
Level 5 Listening effectively, individuals can inspire and
integrously influence others toward positive change and achieve
their shared goals and objectives.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Level Five Listening:
1. What is Level Five Listening?
2. Why is Level Five Listening absolutely indispensable to
any conversation in your business and life?
Level Five Listening
85
3. What will the mastery of Level Five Listening cause for
you in your outcomes for today, this week, this month, next
month, this year, five years from now, and in your lifetime?
4. How will not mastering Level Five Listening cost you in
your business and your life?
5. In what situations has not having mastery of Level Five
Listening caused a negative outcome for you?
6. Why is Level Five Listening such a gift for those we give
it to?
C h a p t e r 1 2 :
86
7. How can you 20x your mastery of Level 5 Listening?
Reciprocity
87
C h a p t e r 1 3 :
Reciprocity
When people receive from you, they deeply desire, on a
primal level, to give back to you.
The indispensable element of Reciprocity is rooted in the
faith that when you give to others, others will, at a conscious and
subconscious level, begin to give back to you. The secret here is
never expecting it (before an agreement) and contributing in
mass quantities. The more you give others, the more you become
known as a “giver.” The final result of exceptional Reciprocity
is that others will want to and will begin to pour into you from
all sides because you build a reputation of massive value first.)
When one person or group does something positive for
another, the recipient may feel an innate desire to reciprocate, in
order to balance the scales and maintain a sense of fairness and
mutual benefit in the relationship.
Here are some ways that Reciprocity can be applied to
influence:
C h a p t e r 1 3 :
88
Gift-giving: By giving a gift or offering a token of appreciation,
individuals can create a sense of wishing to reciprocate
value to the recipient. Gifts can be material or nonmaterial.
Favors: By doing a favor for someone, individuals may be
more likely to agree with future requests or favors, as they feel a
desire to repay the kindness that has been shown to them.
Business transactions: By providing a valuable product or
service, individuals can create a desire to repay the value that
was given to them.
Overall, Reciprocity can be an effective tool for influence, as
it creates a sense and desire within the recipient in which they
wish to repay the value that was given to them. By mastering the
indispensable element of Reciprocity effectively, individuals can
create a positive and mutually beneficial relationship with others,
and can integrously influence them toward positive actions
or decisions.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Reciprocity:
1. What is reciprocity?
2. Why is reciprocity a key indispensable element for
influence?
Reciprocity
89
3. In what ways can the mastery of reciprocity improve your
business and your life?
4. Think of at least three times that reciprocity could have
caused a more positive outcome had you known how to master
this indispensable element.
5. How can you 20x your mastery of the indispensable element
of reciprocity?
C h a p t e r 1 4 :
90
C h a p t e r 1 4 :
Question Mastery
Questions are the gateway to everything.
It’s time to examine the indispensable element of
Question Mastery (Power of Questions).
In Influence, the person who is asking the questions is
influencing. There are two types of questions, open-ended and
close-ended. Question Mastery comes from who, what, when,
where, why, and how questions. They are meant to be kept open
and create an ongoing dialogue. The shortness of your question
also holds much power. While most believe that long and specific
questions lead to a specific answer, the truth is that short,
open-ended questions lead to truth and story-telling. The person
asking the questions is in control, guiding and leading the
conversation.
Question Mastery is important for influence in business
because it helps individuals to better understand their colleagues,
customers, and other stakeholders, and to communicate
more effectively with them. When individuals are able to
ask thoughtful and insightful questions, they can gain valuable
Question Mastery
91
understanding of others’ perspectives, needs, and motivations.
This can help them to build stronger relationships, make better
decisions, and achieve their business goals more effectively.
Here are some ways that Question Mastery can be important
for influence in business:
Understanding customer needs: By asking thoughtful questions,
individuals can gain a better understanding of their customers’
needs, preferences, and pain points. This can help them
to design products and services that better meet their customers’
needs, and to communicate more effectively with them.
Building stronger relationships: By asking powerful questions,
individuals can build stronger relationships with their
colleagues, partners, and other stakeholders. This can help them
to build trust and rapport, and to influence others toward positive
action.
Making better decisions: By asking insightful questions,
individuals can gain a deeper understanding of complex issues
and make better decisions. This can help them to avoid potential
pitfalls and to achieve their business goals more effectively.
Promoting innovation and creativity: By asking exploratory
questions, individuals can promote innovation and creativity
within the business. This can help to generate new ideas and
solutions, and to stay ahead of the competition.
Overall, Question Mastery is an important tool for influence
in business, as it helps individuals to better understand their colleagues,
customers, and other stakeholders, and to communicate
more effectively with them. By employing Question Mastery
effectively, individuals can inspire and influence individuals and
groups toward positive change and achieve their business goals
more effectively.
C h a p t e r 1 4 :
92
Let’s next examine the importance of the indispensable element
of Question Mastery in interpersonal relationships.
Question Mastery is essential for building and maintaining
strong interpersonal relationships, as it helps individuals to better
understand and connect with others. When individuals are
able to ask thoughtful and insightful questions, they can gain
valuable insights into others’ perspectives, needs, and motivations,
and can communicate more effectively with them. This
can help to build trust, respect, and understanding within the
relationship, and can foster a sense of closeness and intimacy.
Here are some ways that Question Mastery is important in
interpersonal relationships:
Building deeper connections: By asking questions, individuals
can build deeper connections with their partners, friends,
and family members. This can help to foster a sense of closeness
and intimacy, and can create a stronger and more supportive
relationship.
Resolving conflicts: By asking thoughtful questions, individuals
can better understand their partner’s perspective and
motivations, and can work toward resolving conflicts more
effectively. This can help to create a more harmonious and fulfilling
relationship.
Showing empathy: By asking empathetic questions, individuals
can show that they care about their partner’s feelings
and experiences, and can create a supportive and nurturing
relationship.
Strengthening communication: By asking clarifying questions,
individuals can ensure that they are understanding
their partner’s needs and desires accurately. This can help to
improve communication and prevent misunderstandings or
miscommunications.
Question Mastery
93
Overall, Question Mastery is essential for building and
maintaining strong interpersonal relationships, as it helps individuals
to better understand and connect with others. By leveraging
question mastery effectively, individuals can create a more
supportive, fulfilling, and harmonious relationship with their
partners, friends, and family members.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Question Mastery:
1. What is Question Mastery?
2. Why is Question Mastery crucial to Integrous Influence?
3. What will it cost your business if you do not master the
indispensable element of Question Mastery?
C h a p t e r 1 4 :
94
4. How has not mastering this skill negatively impacted you
in the past?
5. Should you use open-ended or closed-ended questions
when you are building rapport with someone? Why?
6. List at least three instances where you have witnessed
Question Mastery.
7. List at least three individuals, both fictional and nonfictional
who have true Question Mastery.
Question Mastery
95
8. How can you 20x your mastery of the indispensable element
of Question Mastery?
C h a p t e r 1 5 :
96
C h a p t e r 1 5 :
Validation
Nothing enflames people more than when their listening
tells them that their feelings are invalid or wrong.
On the contrary, authentic validation of people’s feelings is
far rarer and more precious than a diamond.
The indispensable element of Validation is the process of
having people feel that it is normal and acceptable to feel the
way they do about events, situations, people, and circumstances.
Validation is the act of acknowledging and accepting someone’s
thoughts, feelings, or experiences, even if you may not
agree with them. It involves showing empathy and understanding
toward the other person, and communicating that their
thoughts and feelings are valid and important.
Here is an example of Validation:
Imagine a friend comes to you and tells you that they are
feeling upset because they didn’t get the job they interviewed
for. Instead of dismissing their feelings or trying to fix the
Validation
97
situation, you validate their feelings by saying something like,
“I can understand why you would feel disappointed and let
down after not getting the job. You worked tirelessly and were
truly anticipating getting the position, and it’s definitely disappointing
when things don’t work out as planned or expected,
especially after all of your commitment and dedication. Your
feelings are completely valid, and I’m here to support you in any
way I can.”
By validating your friend’s feelings, you are showing them
that you care about their well-being and that their feelings are
important. This can help to create a sense of trust and connection,
and can make it easier for them to cope with their disappointment
and move forward in a positive way.
Validation can be a powerful tool in business, as it helps to
build trust, rapport, and understanding between individuals
or groups. By employing validation effectively, individuals can
create an environment of improved collaboration, productivity,
and overall success.
There are many individuals who have mastered the skill of
validation, both in their personal lives and in their professional
careers. Here are a few examples:
Brené Brown: Brené Brown is a research professor at the
University of Houston who has become known for her work on
vulnerability, shame, and empathy. She is a master at validating
others’ experiences and perspectives, and has written numerous
books and given many talks on the importance of empathy and
understanding in building strong relationships.
Oprah Winfrey: Oprah Winfrey is a media mogul and
philanthropist who has built a career around empathy, understanding,
and validation. She is known for her ability to connect
with her audience and guests on a deep emotional level, and has
C h a p t e r 1 5 :
98
used her platform to promote empathy and understanding in
many different contexts.
Stephen Covey: Stephen Covey was a businessman and
author who wrote the book “The 7 Habits of Highly Effective
People”. He was a master at validating others’ perspectives and
experiences, and his work has influenced many individuals and
organizations in the fields of business, leadership, and personal
development.
Overall, these individuals have mastered the indispensable
element of Validation through their work and personal experiences,
and have shown how Validation can be a powerful tool
for building strong and positive relationships.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Validation:
1. How is Validation defined?
2. Why is it crucial to master the indispensable element of
Validation?
Validation
99
3. Give three examples of powerful Validation that you have
witnessed in real life or fiction.
4. What will not mastering the indispensable element of
Validation cost you in your business and your life?
5. How is Validation different from Acknowledgment?
6. How can you 20x your mastery of the indispensable element
of Validation?
C h a p t e r 1 6 :
100
C h a p t e r 1 6 :
Context And Contrast
At every moment we are putting people into our stories or
frames, and they are doing the exact same thing to us.
Without the indispensable element of Context, we have
nothing. Context encompasses the movie, the story, what’s on
the screen behind it, and all involved within it. People constantly
put us into false contexts, or false “frames” (another
word for “context”).
Context is what distinguishes a false and limiting frame
from a true and accurate frame. For example, someone saying
that Tony Robbins is a coach and/or motivational speaker is the
equivalent of saying that gold is just another mineral.
Context is necessary for influence because it creates an accurate
frame. Tony Robbins is the greatest speaker in the history of
personal development, someone who coaches presidents of the
United States and has coached professional sports teams numerous
times to turn their championships and their entire seasons
around. He has unprecedented results that no one else has been
able to achieve.
Context And Contrast
101
If that’s what you mean by a coach, then yes, he is a coach.
And, he is an outstanding example of creating accurate context
and moving from a false context or frame into truth.
Now, let’s step into the indispensable element of Contrast as
it relates to influence. How do you distinguish between true and
false frames? In the above example of Tony Robbins, contrast
is shown with a meaningful energetic differential and reality
differential of the limiting false frame being disrupted with a
lightning bolt of the truthful frame of the man who coaches
presidents, and turns professional sports teams around.
For example, Contrast is what creates the opening of listening
and the disruption of the limiting false Context. The
greater, stronger, and more energetic the Contrast, the more
truth is received.
Context is important to influence because it can influence
how individuals perceive and respond to information, ideas, and
messages. The context in which a message is delivered can shape
the way it is received, interpreted, and acted upon, and can have
a significant impact on the success of influence attempts.
Overall, Context is an important consideration in influence
because it can impact how individuals perceive and respond to
messages. By understanding the Context in which influence
attempts are being made, individuals can tailor their messages
and delivery methods to be more effective and increase their
chances of success.
Overall, Contrast is an important skill for influence because
it can help to highlight differences, create a sense of urgency,
and integrously encourage individuals to take action. By leveraging
contrast effectively, individuals can make their messages
more compelling and persuasive, and increase their chances of
success in influencing others.
C h a p t e r 1 6 :
102
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Context and Contrast:
1. What is Context?
2. What is Contrast?
3. Why is the mastery of Context necessary to succeed in
integrous influence?
4. Why is the mastery of Contrast necessary to succeed in
integrous influence?
Context And Contrast
103
5. Give three examples where you have seen the masterful
use of Context in business.
6. Give three examples where you have seen the masterful
use of Contrast in business.
7. How will the mastery of the indispensable elements of
Context and Contrast improve your business and life?
8. What will it cost you if you do not master these skills?
C h a p t e r 1 6 :
104
9. How can you 20x your mastery of the indispensable elements
of Context and Contrast?
The 4 Steps
105
C h a p t e r 1 7 :
The 4 Steps
What if you could know exactly where you are in every
communication with every human being every single
time?
The 4 Steps of Integrity Based Human Influence are:
1. The Creation of Emotional Rapport
2. Connecting People to Their Truth, Pain and Yes Strategy
3. Creation and Conveyance of Your Heroic Unique Identity
4. Agreement Formation
Let’s define each of The 4 Steps of Integrity Based Human
Influence so that we can properly understand how to employ
them within influence.
Step 1: Building Emotional Rapport: The foundation of
influence is connecting with others on a deep, emotional level.
This is where we forge meaningful relationships that serve as
the bedrock for our influence. Remember, people are drawn to
those who make them feel seen, heard, and understood.
C h a p t e r 1 7 :
106
Step 2: Truth to Pain and Yes Strategy: Every individual has
pain points – unmet needs, desires, or challenges. In this step,
we explore the truth and those pain points and create strategies
that address them in a way that empowers others to say “yes” to
our ideas and initiatives.
Step 3: Creating and Conveying Your Heroic Unique
Identity: Each of us has a unique story to tell, and it’s essential
to share that story authentically. By doing so, we create a heroic
identity that others are drawn to, making our influence even
more impactful.
Step 4: Agreement Formation: The final step in our journey
within the Four Steps is forming agreements with others, built
on trust and mutual benefit. This is where our influence truly
shines, allowing us to create lasting, positive change.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on The 4 Steps:
1. What are the 4 Steps in the 4 Step Communication Model
of Integrity Based Human Influence?
2. What is Emotional Rapport?
The 4 Steps
107
3. What is Truth and Yes… Truth to Pain and Yes Strategy?
4. What does it mean to Create and Convey your Heroic
Unique Identity?
5. What is Agreement Formation?
6. Give an example of how to employ The 4 Steps in a business
meeting.
C h a p t e r 1 7 :
108
7. Give an example of how to employ The 4 Steps in a personal
matter.
8. How would you rate yourself in your mastery of The 4
Steps?
9. Where do you see room for improvement?
10. How can you 20x your mastery in each of The 4 Steps?
Emotional Rapport Building
109
C h a p t e r 1 8 :
Emotional Rapport
Building
What does Charlie Brown’s teacher say?
“Wah whoa wah, whoa wah wah.”
Are you speaking to a brick wall?
A wooden door?
A screen?
Or, a filterless, completely wide open, and direct space?
Step 1 of the 4 Step Communication Model of Integrity
Based Human Influence is Building Emotional Rapport with
the person you are developing a relationship with. This develops
a sense of trust and security, along with opening the lines of
communication between both parties.
5 Questions of Emotional Rapport Building:
1. Where have you been?
2. Where are you now?
C h a p t e r 1 8 :
110
3. Where are you going?
4. What’s working?
5. What are the challenges?
Emotional Rapport is necessary for influence because it helps
to create a positive and supportive environment where the other
person feels comfortable, understood, and valued. When individuals
feel that they are being listened to and understood on
an emotional level, they are more likely to be receptive to new
ideas and perspectives, and are more likely to take action toward
a specific goal or outcome.
Here are some reasons why Step 1 of The 4 Steps, Emotional
Rapport, is necessary for Influence:
Builds trust: Building Emotional Rapport helps to build
trust between individuals. When individuals feel that they are
being listened to and understood, they are more likely to trust
the other person’s motives and intentions, which can make it
easier to integrously influence them toward a mutually beneficial
positive change that serves their needs and outcomes.
Creates a supportive environment: Emotional Rapport helps
to create a supportive environment where the other person feels
valued and appreciated. This can help to reduce any resistance
or defensiveness that may arise, and can make it easier to integrously
influence the other person toward positive change.
Increases receptiveness to new ideas: When individuals feel
that they are being listened to and understood on an emotional
level, they are more likely to be receptive to new ideas and perspectives.
This can make it easier to integrously influence them
toward positive change, as they are more open to considering
new options and approaches that are in service of them and their
outcomes.
Emotional Rapport Building
111
Improves communication: Building Emotional Rapport
can improve communication between individuals, as it creates
a positive and supportive environment where both parties feel
comfortable and valued. This can make it easier to discuss difficult
or sensitive topics, and can help to facilitate more productive
and effective communication.
Overall, Emotional Rapport is necessary for influence
because it helps to build trust, create a supportive environment,
increase receptiveness to new ideas, and improve communication.
By building Emotional Rapport with others, individuals
can increase their chances of success in influencing them toward
positive change.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Rapport Building:
1. What does it mean to build Emotional Rapport?
2. What are the key questions to ask in Emotional Rapport
building conversations?
C h a p t e r 1 8 :
112
3. Why is Emotional Rapport the first of The 4 Steps of the
Integrity Based Human Influence Communication Model?
4. What do we risk by not building Emotional Rapport
during interactions in business? In life?
5. Give an example of when neglecting to build Emotional
Rapport negatively impacted a situation.
6. How can you 20x your mastery of Step 1, Building
Emotional Rapport?
Truth And Yes…. Truth To Pain And Yes, Truth Of Pain And Yes
113
C h a p t e r 1 9 :
Truth And Yes…. Truth
To Pain And Yes, Truth
Of Pain And Yes
Tony Robbins says “People will do more to avoid pain than
to gain pleasure.”
While people are highly unskilled at it, if not meaningfully
fearful of it, mastering the ability to bring people to the TRUTH
of their pain is the vital bridge connecting Emotional Rapport
and becoming, at Step 3, the solution to someone’s Pain And
Yes Strategy.
The fundamental necessity at Step 2 of the 4 Steps, Truth
to Pain and Yes, is that people make emotional, not logical
decisions, while typically being blind to this reality. People are
typically at a default “no” based upon false fears (i.e., fear of
rejection and fear of failure).
Thus, the key at Step 2 of The 4 Steps is to: (1) accept the
reality of how people make decisions, and (2) with integrity,
empathy, and love, connect them to their truth and pain. In
C h a p t e r 1 9 :
114
addition, everyone has a different strategy for how they decide
to say “yes”. Uncovering the strategy at Step 2 of The 4 Steps is
critical to tailor the focus of our Heroic Unique Identity at Step
3.
It is key to remember to speak into the listening of the other
person. One way to accomplish this is by asking questions that
clarify the other person’s pain points that they want to solve.
One question to conclude this step is to ask:
“If in the end, you didn’t get to the place you were setting up
in Step 1, how important would that be to you?”
If the answer is very, then you have to explore further and
connect them emotionally to that pain.
If they don’t care very much, then they are not a good candidate,
unless of course we have sub-optimally helped them
see what they don’t see about the importance of what we are
offering.
At Step 2, Truth to Pain And Yes, within influence we highlight
the negative consequences of not taking action, and then
provide a solution that can help to alleviate the pain. This creates
a sense of urgency and motivation for the audience to take
action toward a specific goal or outcome.
Here are some reasons why Step 2 of The 4 Steps is necessary
for Influence:
Creates urgency: By highlighting the truth of the negative
consequences of not taking action, we create a sense of urgency
and motivation for the audience to take action. This can help
to overcome any resistance or hesitation that the audience may
have toward taking action.
Encourages action: By providing a solution that can help to
alleviate the pain, the Truth, Pain And Yes Strategy encourages
action and provides a clear path toward achieving a specific goal
Truth And Yes…. Truth To Pain And Yes, Truth Of Pain And Yes
115
or outcome. This can help to integrously motivate the audience
to take action toward positive change.
Increases motivation: The Truth, Pain And Yes Strategy can
increase motivation by highlighting the truth of the negative
consequences of not taking action and the benefits of taking
action. This can help to inspire the audience to take the correct
action toward their outcomes.
Overcomes objections: The Truth, Pain And Yes Strategy
can help to overcome objections by addressing the concerns and
hesitations of the audience. By highlighting the negative consequences
of not taking action and providing a solution that can
help to alleviate the pain, individuals can address any objections
or concerns that the audience may have toward taking action.
Overall, The Truth, Pain And Yes Strategy is necessary for
Influence because it creates urgency, encourages action, increases
motivation, and integrously overcomes objections. By leveraging
Step 2 effectively, individuals can increase their chances of success
in influencing others toward positive change.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Truth And Yes….
Truth To Pain And Yes, Truth Of Pain And Yes:
1. What do we mean by Truth and Yes…Truth to Pain and
Yes and Truth of Pain and Yes?
C h a p t e r 1 9 :
116
2. Why is it necessary in Integrity Based Human Influence
to master Step 2 of The 4 Steps?
3. Give an example of where mastery of Step 2 of The 4 Steps
can positively impact your business outcomes.
4. Give an example of where mastery of Step 2 of The 4 Steps
can positively impact your life and personal relationships.
5. What will it cost you in your business and life if you do
not master Step 2?
Truth And Yes…. Truth To Pain And Yes, Truth Of Pain And Yes
117
6. How can you 20x your mastery of Step 2?
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
118
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
Heroic Unique Identity
Who are you?
You decide.
People want to see certain things in you.
And, make no mistake, those things that people want to see
are inside of you.
Creation and Conveyance of Your Heroic Unique Identity is
Part 3 of the 4 Step Communication Model of Integrity Based
Human Influence. There are certain characteristics that attract,
and there are certain characteristics that repel people.
What are the heroic characteristics?
1. Integrity
2. Selflessness
3. Honesty
4. Empathy
5. Loyalty
Heroic Unique Identity
119
6. Confidence
7. Passion
8. Courage
9. Bravery
10. Humility
11. Love
12. Inspirational
13. Leadership
14. Adventurous
15. Perseverance
16. Resilience
What are the anti-heroic characteristics?
1. Manipulative
2. Negative Vibrational
3. Taking
4. Selfish
5. Immorality
6. Dishonesty
7. Arrogance
8. Ego
9. Cowardice
10. Weakness
11. Out of Integrity
12. Fraud
13. Deceitful
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
120
14. Liar
15. Corrupt
16. Lazy
Each of us has a unique story to tell, and it’s essential to
share that story authentically. By doing so, we create a heroic
identity that others are drawn to, making our influence even
more impactful.
Step 3 of The 4 Steps is where you introduce who you are
and what you are doing in the world, sharing it (only in absolute
integrity), and identifying how you can help the person achieve
their dreams. The key is for them to see their future in you.
It is incredibly important to tell and establish your story
with heroic characteristics and a story arc. This creates a gravitational
pull toward you and supports the other person in seeing
their future in you, which is your outcome by the end of the
conversation.
Overall, the creation and conveyance of a heroic unique
identity is key to influence because it helps individuals to establish
a clear and distinct identity, inspire action, create a sense of
community, and increase credibility. By integrously leveraging
this identity effectively, individuals can increase their chances of
success in inspiring others toward positive change.
An inability to effectively master the skill of creation and
conveyance of your Heroic Unique Identity would actually be
doing a disservice to potential clients and the world, as it could
result in someone choosing a lesser qualified or even unqualified
person as a result of not being present to the truth of who you
are and the value you bring.
If you are the best at what you do, but are not conveying
the full truth about who you are and how you will serve their
Heroic Unique Identity
121
business, life, and mission, you are both at a disadvantage as a
result.
Taking this a step further, we all have multiple heroic unique
identities. Remember to tap into each of them at any given time.
Who are you as a leader? Who are you as a marketer? Who are
you a speaker?
Need some help getting started on creating your heroic
unique identity?
Below are some examples of the heroes in our Unblinded
ecosystem:
Rob Gill
Rob Gill, the Founder/CEO of EPIC Financial Strategies,
is a visionary, wealth creation expert, and active philanthropist
with a passion for community building. Growing up in
Bayonne, New Jersey, Rob realized the lack of financial literacy
he received and decided to dedicate himself to empowering others
through education. Through EPIC Financial Strategies, Rob
and his team have done more than 23,000 cash flow analyses
and 10,000 financial plans to help clients achieve their version
of financial freedom gaining exceptional insight into what people
want most - the freedom to live life on their own terms.
Rob has been successful in building multiple 7-figure businesses
and has become a thought leader in the financial services
industry as the host of The EPIC Podcast, where he shares
his expertise on financial independence, entrepreneurship,
and mindset. Rob is passionate about providing information
that empowers his clients and listeners to take control of their
finances. He is on a mission to help people break free from the
wealth wounds that are holding them back from living a life of
abundance.
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
122
As a philanthropist, Rob is committed to making a positive
impact in his community. His latest endeavor is the founding
of an EPIC Elite AAU, an independent boys basketball AAU
program, aimed at elevating the performance, financial literacy,
and overall well-being of the young athletes. Rob’s program features
specialized top-tier coaching, a financial education with a
mental health component, as well as entrepreneurial coaching to
help players market themselves and develop a business mindset
to better their futures. In just 80 days, Rob has created an internationally
recognized brand partnership with France, showcasing
his ability to create strategic partnerships and generate
global recognition. Rob’s unwavering commitment to philanthropy
and community building exemplifies his dedication to
using his knowledge, resources, and platform to create positive
change in the world.
Jay Levine
Co-Founder One94 Real Estate
After almost a decade in communication, Jay sold his
Verizon Wireless store to team up with his wife Katherine in
the world of real estate. And after just 3 years, Jay went from
realtor to co-founder of One94 Real Estate Group. Since beginning
in 2019, their company has expanded to 20 agents, which
resulted in a remarkable 300% growth in sales! Jay is a Coach
and trainer with Unblinded Real Estate, where he causes real
estate professionals to grow both professionally and personally.
Additionally, he is an active member of the local zoning board
and the NJMLS User Committee, while also serving as the
sponsorship chairperson for the new Milford Little League. In
the world of real estate and beyond, Jay is known for his ability
to create shared experiences and his ability to transfer energy
Heroic Unique Identity
123
from his heart and soul to yours, and this is why he generates
rapid results in acceleration of your money, time, and magic.
Justin Rice
Financial Planner, Personal Wealth Strategies
Justin obtained a Master’s degree in Engineering, passed
the Certified Financial Planner Exam, and left his Biomedical
Engineering Ph.D. program all in the same year! He then
became the first person in New Jersey to earn the Certified
Student Loan Professional designation, and since then Justin
has facilitated seven-figure loan forgiveness for his clients. He
is also among the initial 50 advisors nationwide to earn his
Certificate in Blockchain and Digital Assets. Justin’s passion
for financial planning is evident as he serves as the Director of
NexGen for the Financial Planning Association of NJ. He’s a
proud father of twins.
Michael Izhaky
A seasoned executive with over three decades in the technology
and finance sectors. His track record boasts scaling a
SaaS startup to its acquisition by Cboe Global Markets. A dual
degree holder from Wharton and Penn Engineering, plus an
MBA from Kellogg, Michael seamlessly blends business acumen
with tech expertise. Previously a key player at Goldman Sachs’
global FX derivatives business, his entrepreneurial spirit and
profound knowledge continue to drive innovation and growth
in the tech sector, leveraging advancements and data analytics
to propel businesses to new heights.
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
124
Taylor Hoskins, Esq.
Taylor Hoskins, a fifth-generation native of Fort Pierce,
Florida, knew long before she went to law school that she
wanted to be a trial attorney. The daughter of a personal injury
lawyer, Taylor grew up with a first-hand look at how devastating
accidents can be for families and how good attorneys can help
people rebuild their lives. She graduated from Stetson University
College of Law, where she also obtained her Master of Laws
(LL.M.) in Trial Advocacy. Today, Taylor is a shareholder and
the managing attorney of the personal injury department for a
multi-million-dollar law firm in South Florida. Although early
in her career, Taylor has demonstrated exceptional prowess as
a plaintiff trial attorney. She secured a 1-million-dollar jury
verdict at the age of 26 and she has been recognized by the
National Trial Lawyers 40 Under 40 list in 2022 and 2023. She
is also an active member of local bar associations and legal organizations,
having served as president of the St. Lucie County
Bar Association and president of the Treasure Coast Justice
Association—all before she turned 30. Yet, while she loves her
legal career, giving back to the community is her true passion.
Taylor is the chair-elect of the Boys & Girls Club of St. Lucie
County, and she has served as a board member of the Florida’s
Coast to Heartland Chapter of the American Red Cross and the
United Way of St. Lucie County’s Women United.
Lance McGee
Owner of Energy Serve Solutions, helping companies and
people negotiate their energy contracts.
Previously VP of a large retail energy supplier.
Filed his first tax return when he was 12… a wealthy banker
filed him as an employee after mowing lawns at his entire portfolio
of rental properties all year.
Heroic Unique Identity
125
Tanya Freeman
Tanya is a top divorce attorney who has represented professional
athletes, TV personalities, and corporate executives. She
built her practice to over $2 million in revenue 9 years after
law school. She was the first woman named by the governor
as Chair of the Board for University Hospital - the state’s only
public hospital.
NJ ROI named her the most influential person in healthcare
in the state in 2022. Additionally, she is a proud mother of a
cool 1/2 dozen kids.
Gerard McCabe
Owner/Founder McCabe Law
Gerard, a 4x Ironman and 8x marathon finisher, is a self-effacing
committed professional who approaches each interaction
with integrity and an intent to share his knowledge, experience,
and skill for the betterment of others, and notably his clients;
Gerard is also the proud father of two amazing young men,
one of whom is a 24-year-old Fordham graduate and the other
who just started driving, and is achieving straight As at one of
the toughest Jesuit high schools in the nation.
Finally, Gerard is a breakthrough entrepreneur who is currently
in the process of building and scaling his own growing
law firm using his wide prior experiences as a commercial litigator
and corporate attorney at the best firms in Philadelphia as
well as a former federal prosecutor and successful defender of a
death row inmate … There is nothing that Gerard has not seen
and successfully overcome.
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
126
Ryan Foncannon
Ryan Foncannon, MBA is an award-winning Advanced Tax
Strategist and Private Wealth Advisor. He is the Founder and
Managing Partner at S.W.A.N. Virtual Family Office (VFO).
He has been featured in The Wall Street Journal. He won an
award for being one of the top Advanced Tax Strategists in the
nation at the Money 2.0 conference in December 2022. He
also was recognized as the Top Retirement Planner for the State
of Indiana with the Wealth & Finance Magazine, for 2023.
He just recently won the 2023 CREA Global award for being
an innovator and thought leader in the finance and tax space,
and is seen as a game changer in those fields. He is a major
problem solver for business owners, high-wage W-2 earners,
and high-net-worth individuals and their families. His diverse
background in insurance, advanced tax reduction, wealth management,
financing, and business advisory allows him to bring
unique strategies to the table for his clients. He looks at the
whole picture, while other advisors are more transactional, and
this is another way he allows his clients to ‘sleep well at night’.
Adam Talmadge
Sr. Client Associate at Simon Quick Advisors in Morristown,
NJ. After falling in love with finance through a high school
stock market game, Adam has made it his passion to help others
with their finances and has made a career in servicing ultrahigh-
net-worth families and individuals. Adam’s passion for
sports started at birth as he was named after hockey hall-offamer,
Adam Oates. His love for all sports started his mission
to help athletes with their finances. Adam’s mission is to create
financial literacy and well-being for athletes as he eventually
will become a financial planner for them and work closely with
sports agents. Additionally, he is also an active member of his
Heroic Unique Identity
127
alma mater, St Bonaventure University, as he sits on numerous
School of Business boards that involve mentioning current students
in their careers and their service projects.
Dawn Holey
Osteostrong Owner, who uses her life as an example of
growth and change to help people have their health span equal
their life span enabling them to live their best, most joyful life
without any limits to their physical activity.
Laurie Stearn
CEO and Lead Consultant, Stearn Solutions & Fellow,
Stanford Distinguished Careers Institute.
Strategic, curious business builder and lifelong learner.
Zach Judson
A Hollywood veteran, has contributed to over 50 blockbuster
films, including The Avengers, 300, and Guardians of the
Galaxy 2, merging cutting-edge technology with artistic creativity.
His passion for truth and technology led him to establish
Block Leader Inc., a company dedicated to leveraging blockchain’s
transparency and incorruptibility to solve real-world
problems. Zack’s unique perspective, born from his experiences
in Hollywood’s visual effects industry and as a blockchain
entrepreneur, allows him to navigate the complex landscape of
AI, highlighting its potential and challenges. As the host for the
AI Mastery Summit series, Zack leads thought-provoking and
educational discussions on AI’s future, aiming for a harmonious
coexistence between human intelligence and AI.
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
128
Yosef Colish
Leah Yosef International is a boutique executive search firm
specializing in the private wealth and investment management
arena, catering to single/multi-family offices and registered
investment advisory (RIA) firms nationwide. With a proven
track record of success, Leah Yosef International delivers premier
talent, placing financial advisors, relationship managers,
investment managers, subject-matter experts, and directors and
C-level leaders in operational, investment, and compliance roles.
Leah Yosef International is a proud member of Sanford Rose
Associates, International network, the 20th largest search firm
in the nation on the Forbes 200 list out of 20,000 firms across
the country. Their Managing Director, Yosef Colish, was the
number two top-producing owner in the network for 2022.
Sir. J. Glen Wagstaff, Esq.
President/ CEO of LSPN Pro, LLC
Managing Partner of Inter Vivos, PLLC
Starting his career as a young professional, 6 months out of
law school, Glen Wagstaff developed a law practice that serves
and connects with financial professionals across the country. It
has grown to become the nation’s largest estate planning law
firm and has been recognized with over 51 international awards
as the best estate planning firm in the United States. Glen has
received over 30 international awards, as Managing Partner, and
is a public speaker, aspiring author, philanthropist, and mentor.
He sits on multiple non-profit boards and develops ecosystem
merger partnerships regularly within the US and abroad.
Heroic Unique Identity
129
Maritza Aulestia
The Purpose Driven Leader, is a progressive-visionary coach,
public speaker, and Human Resources professional with 26
years of international experience focused on evolving businesses
through human acceleration.
By combining her extensive multidisciplinary approach and
business expertise, she continues to build her legacy in the corporate
world with ExxonMobil and beyond. As Founder of My
Purpose Life Empowerment coaching:
Her mission and purpose is to increase leaders’ self-awareness,
anchored on their identity, so that they continuously grow
into the best version of themselves personally and professionally
to live a fulfilled life and deliver extraordinary business results.
Scott Tennant
CEO of Senergy Medical Group, Certified Traditional
Naturopath, Film Maker, Speaker, and Philanthropist.
Raised as an “adult” with responsibilities and opportunities
like an adult because he knew that his birth dad was expected to
have a short life span due to Juvenile Diabetes. “Today has to
be the best day!”. Because of his dad’s life lessons and tenacity,
Scott learned from experience by always knowing that anything
can be done with the right opportunity, a “can do mindset,” and
creativity. His father passed away when Scott was 11 years old.
At 14, Scott’s Mother Marilyn married Jerry Tennant MD. A
new chapter of Scott’s life was created when Dr. Tennant said,
“I will never replace your dad, only enhance, edify, and honor
him. I’m proud that you are my son now too.” That very year,
Scott started working for Dr. Tennant and even adopted the
Tennant family name. Accounting, insurance billing, management
of the clinic, certified Optician and Ophthalmic Surgery
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
130
Assistant, and FDA Medical Device Study Coordinator were
among his duties up until 1996 when Dr. Tennant retired with
an unknown illness. Scott began a new career as Marketing
Director at Tylock Eye Care & Laser Center where he established
another FDA Medical Device Study for LASIK eye
surgery. Within the next 6 years, the practice served over 600
patients for eye surgery per month with a marketing budget of
over one million dollars per year. 2002 brought the start of
Senergy Medical Group when Dr. Jerry Tennant found recovery
from his illness through the use of holistic medical devices
that he personally created. Scott procured a manufacturer and
gained FDA approval. The devices are distributed worldwide to
clinics, hospitals, military bases, and for at-home use for clients.
Scott is known for his huge heart, lack of judgment of others,
and being a warrior for his clients’ health and wellbeing. He
spends relentless hours dedicated to spreading healing messages
and knowledge worldwide.
Jerry Gutierrez
COO of Senergy Wellness Group.
For over 5 years, Jerry has had the honor and privilege to
work alongside Dr. Tennant and his son Scott Tennant. He
joined their mission to educate people, and not just narrow
down the root cause of their chronic illness, but to also prevent
such illness in the future through preventative care and action.
Senergy’s mission is to heal as many people as possible so that
they live their best and most productive lives possible. We have
seen people with ALS make giant strides in their recovery and
young high school and college athletes perform their best on the
field and courts. Taking on the hallucination that simply working
out and eating healthy is the only way to achieve total body
health. There is the body, soul, and mind. Helping incorporate
Heroic Unique Identity
131
true life-changing modalities, like handling the stress of daily
life, can allow the body to heal itself in all aspects. Getting
well before getting sick is our mission and goal. Get Well...Live
Well...Be Well!!!
Derek Law
Derek Law is an Area Representative and Franchisee for
PÜR LIFE Medical where he is a disruptive force of the bureaucracy
that exists in our healthcare system. His mission is to
eradicate the word “incurable”. Derek is the owner of Chim
Chiminey Partners, the highest rated Chimney Sweep business
in the state of Utah. His company is on a trajectory to
rival the best in the world. Derek is also a singer-songwriter.
He has worked as a professional vocalist and has composed and
recorded several of his own songs. He believes that a well done
three-minute song can have a more profound impact than a
three-hundred-page book. Derek entered the Unblinded family
in conjunction with a six-figure donation he made to the Krohn
Breakthrough Foundation to save citizens from the horrors
of the war in Ukraine. He was privileged to accompany the
foundation to Ukraine where he helped take supplies to people
stranded in the war zone and extracted people whose homes
were being destroyed. Derek strives to live every day as a gift.
He is obsessed with improving himself mentally, emotionally,
physically, and spiritually. He believes the real wealth of life is
found in meaningful relationships.
Andrea Cataneo
Ran and participated in over 200 Cap Market transactions
for private and public companies First woman lawyer and partner
at a NY corporate law firm (where she spent 14 years) that
achieved national acclaim for 13 consecutive years as #1 Issuer’s
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
132
Counsel (in the NUMBER of deals) reported by 3 separate
national league tables. Proudly on the Board of the National
Investment Banking Association, with over 8,500 active members,
for nine years-- and given an unofficial title by many grateful
members as the Queen of NIBA
Mike Adams
Mike is a leader who excels in guiding other leaders through
the power of influence. At his core, he embodies qualities of
valor and conviction, steadfastly defending his beliefs. He offers
those in ambulatory surgical centers (ASCs) an invaluable service
that is instrumental in his clients’ endeavors, sparing them from
prolonged struggles and conflicts. Whether they seek financial
prosperity, time optimization, or the realization of their dreams
in various forms, Mike’s services hold immense value. As the
owner and operator of a specialized business, his sole focus lies
in ensuring the success of ASCs. From the initial design phase to
construction, accreditation, and ongoing operations, he oversees
every step of the process. Striving to emulate the unparalleled
efficiency of Amazon, he aims to meet all clients’ needs within
the company while establishing strategic alliances with leading
entities in the ASC industry. Mike curates a consortium of
exceptional companies, providing comprehensive and superior
service experiences, positioning them as the Turnkey Solution
for ASC success.
Dan Cirelli
Dan spent 20 years at a Fortune 5 company (AT&T) where,
as head of the Navy account, grew revenues from $0 to $14M per
year under a $10B 10-year contract. He then turned a startup IT
company’s Managed Services business from $0 to $5M annually.
Dan is currently the President of a startup cybersecurity
Heroic Unique Identity
133
company and the owner of Cirelli Business Writing, a company
he founded to help entrepreneurs raise over $20M in capital by
telling their stories to the industry.
Gary Ailes
Gary was raised on a small farm in southwest Nebraska. He
was blessed to go to veterinary school at Colorado State and
had a highly impressive 50-year career. Gary was on the local
school board and served as President for three of those 12 years.
He was a delegate to the House of Delegates for the American
Veterinary Medical Association for nine years. Gary was also
President and on the Board of Directors of the Association for
Veterinary Orthopedics for Research and Education. He is
the past President of the Carson Rotary Club and a member
for 48 years. Additionally, Gary is Director and Treasurer for
Ecosphere Sciences, which takes the resources of organic waste
and converts it to a fertilizer in about an hour. They can scale
from 1 ton a day up to 1000 tons a day or more.
Rose Santiago
A dynamic force, fearlessly championing love and truth in a
world hungry for change. As an extraordinary individual who
happens to be blind, Rose’s indomitable spirit fuels her journey
as a bestselling author, visionary, entrepreneur, and captivating
national speaker. With an unwavering commitment to empowering
others, Rose ignites transformative shifts in people’s lives,
guiding them to shatter the shackles of negative emotions
and helping them break free from self-imposed limitations.
Her innate ability to unlock unlimited possibilities resonates
deeply, infusing her mission with profound purpose and true
fulfillment. Recognized as a beacon of inspiration, Rose has
spoken on platforms such as the National Federation of the
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
134
Blind, St. Joseph School for the Blind, Vision Loss Alliance,
the National Council of State Agencies for the Blind, and the
Seeing Eye, captivating audiences with her magnetic presence
and enlightening words. In her relentless pursuit of creating a
better world for the blind, Rose passionately collaborates with
nonprofit organizations and visionary businesses, spearheading
initiatives to raise essential funds. These resources pave the way
for increased access and more opportunities for the visually
impaired through her powerful coaching program, propelling
them toward success in life and business. Her vision is to create
a brighter and more inclusive future for the blind. In her spare
time, Rose enjoys singing, dancing, and planning fun events to
entertain family and friends.
Nathan Hansen
Hailing from Niceville, FL, Nathan Hansen is a retired Air
Force Lieutenant Colonel, Squadron Commander, and decorated
fighter pilot. Throughout his esteemed career, he embarked
on perilous combat missions and fearlessly took to the skies
over five different countries across two continents. Such bravery
and unwavering dedication earned him the utmost respect
and admiration from his peers and adversaries alike. In addition
to his military achievements, this extraordinary individual
embarked on an intellectual odyssey as an Olmsted Scholar,
immersing himself in the vibrant cultural tapestry of Valencia,
Spain. For two years, he diligently pursued an MBA—completing
his studies entirely in the Spanish language and becoming
fluent by the time he earned his degree. Today, he stands as the
proud proprietor of an aviation business - skillfully navigating
the skies while managing and brokering private jets. He is most
proud of the amazing family that he has created with his wife of
27 years and high school sweetheart, Melanie.
Heroic Unique Identity
135
Loretta Wetzel
MA, MBA, SPHR, Coach/Serial Entrepreneur, Heart 2
Wealth, LLC
Co-Founder, ”We Do The Impossible” Movement
Loretta Wetzel, widely known as Mama Soul Wisdom, is
a highly regarded transformational speaker and distinguished
authority in family dynamics, relationships, and entrepreneurship.
With 40+ years of experience in non-profit, for-profit, and
entrepreneurship, she empowers individuals to achieve financial
freedom through business ownership. Loretta’s mission is to
impact 500,000 families, helping them create passive wealth and
build legacies. As a visionary speaker, she has graced national and
international stages, inspiring audiences in person and virtually.
Hosting her own television show, Loretta interviews parents
and entrepreneurs, addressing their challenges. Her expertise is
widely recognized, with published articles in the Los Angeles
Tribune magazine. Loretta has shared the stage with renowned
experts, including Sharon Lechter, and she has received awards
for real estate investing and marketing. She leads by example,
bidding to be the first African-American couple to travel into
sub-orbital and orbital space. Loretta’s coaching transcends generations,
offering old-school wisdom for a new generation to live
their biggest and best lives.
Perran G. Wetzel, IV
President of PG Wetzel & Associates, Inc., Co-Founder “We
Do The Impossible” Movement.
Mr. Perran G. Wetzel IV, warmly known as “The Friendly
Accountant” is a respected figure in the realms of finance and
real estate. With an impressive 51-year career, this award-winning
real estate investor and business owner has gathered a
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
136
wealth of experience and expertise that sets him apart in his
field. Beyond conventions, Mr. Wetzel’s credentials shine. As
an Enrolled Tax Preparer registered with the IRS and a certified
Crypto Tax Expert, he navigates complex tax issues with ease.
As President of PG Wetzel & Associates, Inc., an international
accounting firm, Mr. Wetzel drives success through his astute
strategies and client-centric approach.
Co-founding the inspirational movement “We Do The
Impossible” with his wife, Mr. Wetzel aims to become the first
African American couple in space, inspiring the next generation
of dreamers. Through his books, speaking engagements, leadership,
and the trailblazing movement, Mr. Wetzel contributes
significantly across finance, real estate, and entrepreneurship.
His dedication and innovative spirit make him an invaluable
asset in these realms.
Jack Tavares
Owner of Total Networking Consulting, the trusted technology
provider for corporate America, providing the solutions
and support structure for businesses to function and run at their
highest level.
Focused on orchestrating the relationships and resources,
he is THE mad scientist that combines the people, products,
processes, and possibilities, creating solutions that don’t exist
anywhere else. Jack will take any business to uplevel their revenue
and value, leaving every company better off after coming
to him.
With 20yrs of consistent victories, both in the corporate
IT world and beyond, Jack has now also built an international
virtual assistant firm. He offers cybersecurity, and is investing
in and guiding crypto and web3 startups around the world.
Heroic Unique Identity
137
Continuously expanding into ever-growing and changing landscapes
of technology, he is building and scaling teams that will
be able to serve on every level and in any industry that comes
to light. Through tried-and-true methods, Jack is replicating
globally and leaving a legacy that will cause a larger impact for
generations to come.
Coined with the nickname “Mr. Level 5 Thinking”, the same
principles he applies to tech solutions are applied to business
leadership, development, and opportunities, seeing things that
most people just don’t see.
“The ability to slow down to a level where I can see all moving
parts clearly, allows me to create truly powerful decisions
and outcomes.” -Jack Tavares
Dr. Bart Rademaker
A world-renowned Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeon and
pioneer in regenerative medicine and health optimization.
Driven by a passion for humanitarian work and dedicated to
establishing a new paradigm in healthcare, Dr. Rademaker has
been nominated for the prestigious Nobel Peace Prize for his
outstanding contributions.
His vision is to ensure that health optimization is within
reach for all, making it accessible, affordable, and available, and
the mission is to dismantle barriers and instigate transformation
within the healthcare industry.
Through The Doctor’s Guide, a carefully curated platform,
he strives to educate and guide both health consumers and providers
on inclusive strategies for health optimization. By harnessing
cutting-edge technologies and diagnostics, he empowers
individuals and healthcare professionals alike.
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
138
Acknowledging the need for a holistic approach, he assists
medical practitioners in reimagining their practices by integrating
diverse health solutions. By fostering collaboration and networks,
he is cultivating an environment for collective growth,
leadership, and progress in the healthcare sector.
With his extensive expertise in many areas of our human
experience, he brings a unique perspective to his endeavors
which allows him to see innovative opportunities and solutions
where others have not, with the final outcome: to make health
optimization available, easily accessible, and affordable for all -
so anyone can experience abundant health and wealth.
Evan Rademaker
Evan Rademaker, a seasoned executive in the solar energy
industry, currently holds the esteemed position of COO and
part owner at Flo Energy. His profound professional strengths
stem from his invaluable mentorship under a thought leader in
NLP and business, coupled with his comprehensive studies in
technology and digital marketing. Renowned for his benevolent
nature and astute problem-solving skills, he is celebrated for his
adeptness in crafting strategic solutions.
Frank and Dawn Yeager
Frank and Dawn Yeager at Yeagers Consulting Co. and
Abiding Abode
With over 30 years in their respective disciplines, Frank in
residential and commercial contracting, and Dawn in finance
and accounting, the Yeagers are uniquely suited to evaluate
and optimize the return on time, money, and satisfaction
that owners have invested in their properties. They provide a
wealth of property services, including expert witness services,
Heroic Unique Identity
139
property improvement consulting, accessibility consulting, and
so much more. Based on their combined experiences, they have
also founded Abiding Abode which is a nonprofit dedicated to
providing home maintenance services to veterans, the elderly,
and the disabled to allow them to remain in their homes versus
entering a care facility.
Dave Thomas
David Thomas is a former Bell Labs engineer and has a
Master’s Degree in computer science.
But the thing that makes David really stand out as an engineer
and a visionary is that in his previous venture, he got three
patents and spoke at multiple conferences all in a field where he
had no previous education or work experience!
So, while David has a strong aptitude for all things technical,
his real superpower is his ability to innovate - in practically any
field!
Laura Sicola
Founder, Vocal Impact Productions, Inc.
Dr. Laura Sicola is a leadership, communication, and influence
expert. A cognitive linguist and educator by background,
Laura’s executive coaching and training programs transform
top executives from around the world who are used to being
just “the brains behind the operation” into inspiring thought
leaders who are just as confident and competent being “the face
and the voice in front of it.” Formerly faculty at the University
of Pennsylvania, where she also got her Ph.D., she is an international
speaker, best-selling author of the book Speaking to
Influence: Mastering Your Leadership Voice, and host of the
podcast “Speaking to Influence: Communication Secrets of the
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
140
C-Suite.” She has also given three TEDx talks, the most famous
of which, “Want to sound like a leader? Start by saying your
name right,” has nearly 7,000,000 views. Proverbs 18:21 “Life
and death are in the power of the tongue.” Find your voice, and
find your power!
Larisa Sharetskaya
Larisa is the founder of an outdoor company in Texas with
a net-worth of $2 million, who has extensive outdoor advertising
experience of over 15 years. She has successfully assisted
numerous local businesses, colleges, and hospitals in effectively
reaching their target audience. Prior to her involvement in outdoor
advertising, Larisa accumulated over 16 years of experience
in accounting and finance, following her Bachelor’s degree in
Auditing and Finance from Belarus State University.
Larisa has made significant contributions as a Senior Leader
at Tony Robbins events for over 4 years, empowering thousands
of participants to unlock their true potential. Beyond her professional
endeavors, Larisa is actively engaged in efforts to bring
freedom from dictatorship to Belarus and providing aid to the
Ukrainian people.
Semyon Sharetsky
As a net worth builder and master negotiator, he runs a real
estate sales team that specializes in luxury real estate and investment
properties. His ability to put together great deals for his
clients leads to repeat clients who benefit from steady returns on
investment. Semyon’s dedication to providing the best service
possible for his clients has earned him the honor of being in the
top 1% of realtors in the Houston area, and many awards for
being a top producer. As a family man, Semyon understands
Heroic Unique Identity
141
the importance of living authentically based on values of integrity,
love, helping others, and leading by example.
Bela Castro
Head Coach and Founder of B-FIT Lifestyle
As a former tennis player originally from Brazil, she started
her personal brand in 2021 while going through a massive inner
transformation after a divorce, leaving her home, and quitting
her corporate job. Today, she deeply transforms lives across the
world by helping people to make shifts mentally, physically, and
emotionally that allow them to live in authentic happiness. She
has now impacted the lives of hundreds of people through her
online lifestyle programs, 1-1 coaching, events, retreats, and
masterminds. She implements most of her techniques based
on personal experience and multiple certifications in personal
training, nutrition, psychology, behavioral science, and life
coaching. By diving deep with her clients into healthier habits,
reprogramming their minds, understanding the depths of their
souls, bringing connectivity with their essence, and truthful
energy - she gives a holistic experience to make happiness part
of their identities.
Eric Upchurch
Eric Upchurch | Founder of NSights and ShareFund Co
Focused on empowering the dreams of others, Eric founded
UW-Madison’s first entrepreneurship program for underprivileged
students just before graduating. He survived homelessness
and has meditated on spare couches, and outside before
delivering presentations. Eric volunteers, coaches, and teaches
insight-based strategy.
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
142
During the 2014 uproars against police brutality, Eric
co-founded a campaign that redirected tens of millions of dollars
from overpriced incarceration projects to preventative services
and community building, supporting local leaders already
making a positive impact.
For nearly two decades, Eric has been committed to helping
leaders gain insights and resources to fulfill their purpose. His
work in Insight Strategy has supported breakthroughs in all
areas of life, creating impactful systems, legislation, and multiplying
the resources and impacts of hundreds of leaders.
For example, when YWCA - Madison needed to raise $3M,
Eric helped them raise over $14M in 2016 alone. In seven years,
his Insight Strategy has helped raise over $50M for both forprofit
and charitable projects, including YWCA, Forex GS,
Dane County CBSP, and more. Eric helped projects raise more
by turning good causes into income streams through his fundraising
platform, ShareFund.
Brad Clark
Joint-Venture Director Wealthy Wellthy
After devoting two decades to public education, first as a
teacher, then as an administrator, and finally as a principal for
the last 7 years, Brad left the cafeterias and classrooms behind
and jumped into the private sector at Wealthy Wellthy, a
wealth-creation and lifestyle architecture company. Using his
background in writing and his skills in relationship forging,
Brad now directs joint-venture affiliations for the company.
Where he once developed teachers to move students to mastery,
he now develops business partnerships to mastery. Quick
to learn new skills, Brad spends his time following business
and marketing podcasts, attending sales classes, and learning
new technology platforms. Brad made a name for himself in
Heroic Unique Identity
143
education as a personal, yet professional principal who always
put students first. He is a gifted connector and builds strong,
long-lasting relationships quickly, which he now does to the
benefit of Wealthy Wellthy.
Krisstina Wise
Founder and CEO of Wealthy Wellthy
Krisstina began her real estate career in Austin, TX, swiftly
rising to the top with unmatched drive. She founded the
GoodLife Companies, upending the industry and establishing
it as Austin’s luxury brand, yielding 7-figure profits. Known
as “the industry disruptor,” Krisstina won innovation awards
and became a top real estate leader. She founded The Paperless
Agent, a multimillion-dollar real estate technology and training
company. Her innovative use of mobile technologies landed her
an Apple commercial and front-page features in publications,
including USA Today.
After a life-threatening illness, Krisstina shifted gears, founding
Wealthy Wellthy to prove wealth can coexist with health.
Today, she’s a real estate mogul, financial education leader, millionaire
coach, best-selling author of “Falling for Money,” and
host of the Wealthy Wellthy podcast (featuring Sean Callagy!).
She’s featured in three documentaries on money, investing, and
influential women. Krisstina now teaches high-income entrepreneurs
to convert business income into personal net worth
and passive income.
Randy Anglin
For the past 20 years, Mr. Anglin has purchased, serviced,
managed, and syndicated investments for both residential and
commercial assets. His asset and investment management
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
144
clients include: JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, FNMA, Bank of
America, Ocwen Financial, Green Tea Capital, Eventus Capital,
Eventus Capital Management, Amerivest, MJL Financial, and
various other large to mid-tier institutions. Mr. Anglin also
served as General Partner for Acquired Holdings LLC. During
his 10-year tenure with Acquired Holdings, the company was
involved in over 400 transactions of residential and commercial
real estate. Acquired Holdings owned, developed, and managed
multifamily developments, condo conversion projects, and new
SFH construction projects throughout the state of Florida, along
with various other projects located in Atlanta and New York. As
a result of his many years within the REO space, Anglin has
developed an acute knowledge of the inner workings as it relates
to practices, policies, mitigation, origination, securitization,
collateralization, and procedures of lender-foreclosed assets. In
addition, Anglin has also been responsible for non-performing
debt securitization, stabilization (re-performing), monetization
of financial instruments, and real assets. Mr. Anglin also has
a vast knowledge base of pricing institutional-grade financial
instruments, along with the pledged underlying assets.
Recognizing the unique positioning created by discounts
associated with the REO/Debt acquisitions niche, Anglin created
a platform that matched Debt/Equity to deal flow. Over
a 3-year time period, Right Angle successfully facilitated over
$16MM in transactions in the South Florida real estate market.
Right Angle quickly became a recognized name in the market,
as an out-of-the box, boutique deal maker.
Currently, Right Angle has close to $13MM under management
(Multi-Family, Commercial Office/Retail, Single Family,
and Moderately Affordable Land Development projects).
Heroic Unique Identity
145
Diego Ibarra
Belmont Partner in Grupo ACIR
After 18 years of growth inside his Mexican family business,
he steps up as Chief Revenue Officer for the entire group, which
includes a national chain of more than 45 radio stations, a massive
concert platform, and the exclusive license for the iHeart
Radio brand for all of Mexico.
With his brothers and sisters, he influences positively on all
levels of the organization to build a winning team of heart-centered
people that are eager to passionately grow and take on
the beautiful responsibility of communicating and entertaining
millions of people every week, all with integrity and love, to
carry over the Ibarra family legacy. Diego is known for his ability
to make people feel comfortable and cared for while chasing
truth with love and integrity to make the world a better place,
with fun and magic!
Libby Steiner
With 25 years of experience in business and Human
Resources, Libby Steiner, CEO of Trophy HR Services, an
outsourced HR Consulting Group is servicing and advising
clients on all Human Resources related matters. She supports
HR matters across various industries, assisting organizations in
managing their most valuable asset: their people. Throughout
her career, Libby created rewarding and meaningful work environments
for companies she worked with. Her passion is helping
clients thrive, giving them peace of mind, and more time to
grow their businesses. Libby is a serial entrepreneur and held
multiple leadership positions in the hospitality, education, and
healthcare industries. As a supplier of hospitality, her company
was contracted by the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver for specific
snack packs that were reordered by a 1000% multiple after the
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
146
first order. This was a great experience in execution and production.
Libby Steiner is the mother of a large brood and wife to
a social worker husband. Her family is a great blessing and the
place where the magic happens.
Bryan Rolph
Bryan Rolph - Relationship Mastery Coach
While spending over 10 years in wireless doing customer
service work and 8 years in the network marketing space,
Bryan realized the truth and calling placed on him to coach
and mentor others in identifying, creating, and living out their
dream relationships. Bryan is a personal coach in Relationship
Mastery, where others are led to experience more impactful,
honoring, fun, adventurous, and loving relationships every day.
In addition, giving back through volunteering and serving others
is a huge passion that he has done through multiple trips to
Guatemala to build schools, being a leader in a life and leadership
development program, and leading at church. He is known
for his strong faith in Christ, a strong commitment to personal
growth and mastery, his capacity for compassion and honoring
others, and his ability to lead others to create more MAGIC in
their lives!
Marc Rosenthal
Produced/Designed the first-large scale Western Designed
production in China- Casablanca the Dance, premiered at the
Great Hall Of The People.
Funded by Warner Brothers.
The only authorized derivative of the movie.
Heroic Unique Identity
147
Handled light-up special effects for the marching band
for Prince’s Super Bowl Halftime Show- in the absolute most
drenching downpour in Super Bowl history.
Created a one-act play using light and lighting instruments
to tell the story with no actors and no sound.
Christopher Young
Chris holds a Ph.D., and is the founder of The Red Maple
Group, a research and economics firm. Dr. Young is a nationally
recognized financial and economic expert and writer in the field
of economics, finance, and business ethics. He has testified in
state and federal courts, tribunals, and arbitrations with respect
to economics, financial policy, and business ethics matters.
Chris has assisted in winning verdicts and settling cases with
litigators where loss estimates exceeded $1 billion. In addition
to his consulting work, Chris is a full-time professor at Rutgers
University, where he has given lectures to over 4,000 undergraduate
and MBA students in the US, UK, France, and China.
Chris has won various academic awards for his work in the
classroom. Prior to his academic career, Chris had more than
twenty-five years of experience in venture capital, private equity,
strategy, product management, tech, and M&A. Chris assisted
in managing two venture capital funds with assets over $800
million, was CFO of a large technology information company,
head of a financial technology sector for an investment bank
and founder of a blockchain voting/betting company. Prior to
his experiences in academia and in the corporate environment,
Chris was honored to serve in the United States Army – and he
deeply cherishes all of the sacrifices that our military (and their
families) provide to this great country. Chris is presently studying
deviant behavior at the graduate level at Harvard University.
If you want to know how his mind works, and why he loves
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
148
life, read his book: Addie’s Ascent: A Story of Hope (found at
Amazon, and Barnes and Noble)
Cloud Morrison
Founder of Red Cloud
Anyone can slap a logo on a t-shirt. Red Cloud delivers more
dollars + devotion for your unique brand. Clients include The
Super Bowl, JLo, Special Olympics, Netflix, LA Lakers, two past
Presidents of the United States, and your very own Unblinded
Family. Our 3 part formula radiates what’s special about your
brand and puts it into planet-friendly retail and promotional
products.
P.S. Can we brag? We’re a globally certified B-Corp company!
Lisa H. Ambrose
NYU MBA
At 30, she flew on the Concorde to negotiate a sale to the
IDA of Ireland for a $500,000 commission.
At 33 she purchased a 7-figure manufacturer from the NJ
Bankruptcy Court.
Over 33 years, her clients include Columbia University
Medical Center, AMEX, JFK, LaGuardia, Newark, and other
airports, most major US banks, franchises, rapid transit, and
port authorities.
Charitable giving is a major focus. She named her company
“Tithe Corp.” and last year Tithe donated $100,000 to Ukraine.
Heroic Unique Identity
149
Quintus McDonald
Founder of I Am Recycling
4-year Letterman and 6th Round draft pick to the
Indianapolis Colts. Quintus has numerous Defensive Player of
the Game Awards and the Ed Block Courage Award, awarded
for uncommon courage and resolve in returning from injury.
A heart-centered entrepreneur looking to impact the world
through the transformative power of LOVE.
Keith Day
Founder of Pro Seal in Passaic County, New Jersey
Keith led the company to double its size and growth between
2021-22 and is pacing to double again in 2023. They have been
a North Jersey industry leader since 2018, are an educator, and
have served over 1,200 families and businesses over the past 10
years.
Ed Gelb
As a highly skilled online marketer using SEO, content
creation, social media, and website development, Ed changes
the lives of business people and attorneys through high Google
rankings. Ed’s mission is to build online authority and absolute
domination over competitors. This brings profitability and
omnipresence to every client online. Clients often comment
that the work is personally life-changing through the resulting
higher productivity and visibility.
Jeff Judd
For the first 19 years of his work life, Jeff Judd managed
his family dairy farm. During these years of hard work and
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
150
dedication, the aspiration for MORE became present while
serving in leadership positions in his church, serving as a town
councilman, and also in having a love for young people and
serving through coaching them in youth sports and other programs.
Jeff’s love for sports continued as he raised 7 boys and
coached them in life and football. He also taught his 2 beautiful
daughters the value of hard work, love, and service, together
with his amazing wife Paula. Jeff’s desire to become the best
version of himself led him away from the family dairy business
in 2003, and to moving his family to Show Low, Arizona. It was
there that Jeff embraced learning more about trusting in God,
overcoming adversity, and even surviving a battle with cancer
in 2005. These and many other trials have helped mold Jeff into
the person he is today, and guided him to entrepreneurship in
insurance sales and personal and professional development.
Jeff’s entrepreneurial spirit brought him to attend many personal
development seminars, most recently in 2022, to work
with the sales team of, and be mentored by Kris Krohn. Jeff’s
donation to Kris Krohn’s humanitarian efforts in Ukraine, connected
him to Sean Callagy and the Unblinded family where he
is now working with Sean on the Invite Team. Sharing in this
mission and introducing the Unblinded Formula to the world,
Jeff is becoming the best version of himself.
Joe Capotosto
Real Estate Investor & Senior Manager / Director of one of
the largest construction & real estate companies in Canada
Committed to the highest level of personal & professional
growth. Studying such greats like Anthony Robbins, Sean
Callagy, and Unblinded. Since beginning his career in 1997,
he is personally responsible for managing the construction of
over 3M square feet of commercial, industrial, and institutional
Heroic Unique Identity
151
construction for clients such as Target, ABB, CBC, Best Buy,
and Mercedes Benz. He is a savvy investor with holdings in real
estate in both the US and Canada, venture companies, and securities.
Additionally, he is actively involved in his relationships
with his family, friends, and partners, as well as committed to
his fitness and health. Joe is known for his loyalty, integrity, and
ability to spark wonderful connections with others that in turn
create meaningful and lasting relationships in his personal life
and in business.
AJ Donaldson
South Florida native, AJ Donaldson, went from being the
“poster child of Education” (~4.0 GPA, ~1400 SAT score,
Captain of the football team, while playing jazz saxophones and
classic piano), then played Division-I football at the University
of Miami while earning a DUAL degree in both Audio &
Electrical Engineering. Yet, like most, he graduated $60k in
debt. After 2 decades of tutoring thousands of students with
a 93+% success rate, AJ became a successful entrepreneur in
the space of Education & Tutoring. Taking on a $20k line of
credit and turning it into a ~$1M revenue-generating business,
he then transitioned into the nonprofit sector to help those who
couldn’t afford academic support. The EPIC Foundation has
now impacted over 450 students and has given more than a half
million dollars in scholarships and programming!
Susanne Cesana
A passionate advocate for preventing type 2 diabetes and
promoting a vibrant and fulfilling life. With deep care for people,
she is dedicated to empowering individuals to live their best
lives, full of vitality and enjoyment. Through her expertise and
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
152
experience, she offers effective strategies and support to achieve
optimal health and well-being.
Susanne’s mission is to equip others with the knowledge
and tools necessary to prevent type 2 diabetes, a condition that
affects millions worldwide. She believes in the power of education,
lifestyle modifications, and personalized approaches to
make a lasting impact. By addressing the root causes and providing
practical solutions, she guides clients toward a healthier
and more fulfilling life.
Susanne helps people overcome the challenges associated
with diabetes prevention, unlocking their full potential, as their
partner on a transformative journey, empowering them to thrive
and enjoy each day to the fullest.
Andy Zapata
He is the only person in the world that has been a Medicare
inspector, who has sold more than 130 medical centers, and
currently owns a medical company with over 50 locations, some
franchises, and over 600 employees, with the company still
being privately owned.
Barb Maynard
After growing up in the California wine country and being
in the first class of women to graduate from Columbia, Barb
returned to the left coast to start a career as a trader on the
floor of the Pacific Stock Exchange. It didn’t take long before
she found her true calling though, both as a doer and as a leader.
On a trip to Tijuana, Mexico, to build basic housing for women
and children left widowed and homeless due to the dangerous
working conditions in the maquiladoras factories, she saw the
possibility of changing people’s lives and never turned back.
Heroic Unique Identity
153
She spent the next 35 years collaborating with nonprofit
organizations and elected officials, honing her engagement skills
and growing a passion for wellness – financial, physical, and
emotional.
Barb has now taken those decades of experience, wisdom,
and passion and launched a groundbreaking tech startup
reshaping organizational engagement. The award-winning
private label technology uses gamification to educate, inspire,
and activate people, and offers a robust affinity marketplace to
promote physical, emotional, and financial wellness.
Elizabeth McKenna
Wealth Management Advisor, Senior Partner of The
McKenna Group of Merrill Lynch.
Beth, a single mother of four children, the youngest of whom
has special needs, has been involved for over 27 years in the
financial services industry. She has been a Wealth Management
Advisor for 23 years. Beth is a Certified Financial Planner and
also holds the Chartered Special Needs Consultant designation.
She was recently named to the 2023 Forbes list of Top Women
Advisors by state. Beth is passionate about helping her clients
overcome life’s financial challenges and to create a financial
design that focuses on long-term financial goals, rather than
short-term market fluctuations. She has a special place in her
heart for assisting families with loved ones with special needs.
Beth has doubled her business since 2018 by building relationships
with clients that last through generations. In addition,
Beth volunteers with the Summit/New Providence Rotary Club
and is on the Board of Trustees of The Rose House, whose mission
is to create forever homes for people with special needs.
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
154
Andrew Sossin
Co-Founder and CEO of Recovery Unplugged
For the past two decades, Andrew has embarked on an
enriching journey as a visionary business leader and passionate
community advocate. With a dedicated focus on financial
services and business development, Andrew has successfully
launched and nurtured numerous ventures across diverse industries,
including addiction care, customer service, music management,
and insurance. Driven by experience, unwavering passion,
and a deep sense of advocacy, he has been honored to serve on
the boards of esteemed organizations such as Nova Southeastern
University, the Jewish Federation of Broward County, the Jewish
Center for Science, and the Face the Music Foundation. In this
pivotal role at Recovery Unplugged Treatment Centers, Andrew
has spearheaded a consistent, proactive, and responsible expansion
of the company. Starting from a single treatment facility
in South Florida, he led the transformation of the organization
into a nationwide addiction treatment provider. Today, they
empower thousands of clients from across the country, guiding
them toward lasting recovery from substance use disorder.
Riley Osborne
Executive Vice President: Recovery Unplugged Behavioral
Health
Riley’s journey of helping others began by seeking help for
himself at the age of 19. Riley honed his skills as a leader in
corporate America before deciding that there had to be more to
this journey than cold beer and chicken wings. In 2019 Riley
joined the Recovery Unplugged brand, and within six months
stepped into an Executive leadership role. This role showcased
Riley’s ability to build teams that produce the largest margin
and revenue entity within the company. Riley is the founder
Heroic Unique Identity
155
of Recovery Unplugged Virtual Services; a multi-million-dollar
business within its first year of inception. Riley has rapidly
emerged as a prominent figure in the field of Behavioral Health.
Riley is a leader of leaders and utilizes his mastery of influencing
others to save more lives from the disease of addiction and
mental health than ever before.
Aki Matsumura
PGA Instructor | Certified Master Coach | Elite Results
Coach | Speaker | Trainer | Author
Aki has a drive and passion to help kids and their families to
develop a passion for golf and help shape their lives through the
values learned from golf.
Kirk Adams
Kirk served 16 years as President of The Lighthouse for
the Blind and another 6 years as President of the American
Foundation for the Blind.
He holds a Ph.D. in Leadership and Change.
Kirk is the Managing Director for Innovative Impact LLC,
engaging in fun, innovative, high impact projects, dedicated to
making the world a more inclusive and equitable place.
Brandon and Melissa Mitchell
Financial Professionals with Revolution Financial
Management
With several years of entrepreneurship under their belt,
Brandon and Melissa joined forces with Revolution Financial
Management in 2021 to better serve the financial needs of families
in their community. What started as learning about money
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
156
has turned into a thriving business built on personal growth,
education, and seeking for the improvement of all mankind.
Brandon is known for his ability to emotionally connect with
others as well as the ability to break down difficult concepts to
the benefit of clients and associates alike, making sure that no
family is left behind. Brandon and Melissa are the parents of six
beautiful children.
Olga D’Alessio
Olga D’Alessio is a positive individual who overcame numerous
challenges and adversity growing up in the South Bronx.
Through her determination and resilience, she managed to rise
above her circumstances and create a better life for herself and
her three children. With her professional achievements as a
paralegal and real estate investor, her entrepreneurial endeavors,
assisting business owners qualifying for the Employee Retention
Credit, and her passion and commitment to empowering others
to lead a healthy lifestyle, she has emerged as a symbol of resilience,
adaptability, and success. She thrives to inspire others,
proving that we have the power to shape our destiny, and with
the right mindset, one can overcome challenges and achieve
greatness.
Nick Arhakos
“Find a way to serve that many. For serving the many leads
to greatness” - Jim Rohn
Nick Arhakos is an exceptional individual who dedicated 31
years to the New York Police Department (NYPD). During his
time as a detective, Nick became a voice for those in desperate
times of crisis, providing solace and aid to individuals facing
adversity. Building upon his life experiences, Nick ventured into
Heroic Unique Identity
157
other paths that allowed him to play a crucial role in assisting
business owners qualifying for the Employee Retention Credit.
He started teaching classes to law enforcement personnel, focusing
on dignitary protection. He continues to make a significant
difference in the lives of others, leaving a legacy of empathy,
empowerment, and dedication to justice.
“Alone we can do so little. Together we can do so much” –
Helen Keller
Esther Chi
Investor Relations | Market Analysis | Managing Partner for
The MultiFamily Deal Room
With a lifetime worth of hurt and loss, confusion and
nightmares, this journey has surely had many ugly faces. As
someone that graduated top of her class and had every “potential”
seemed to have become a failure. The decision then was
made...Esther chose life over death; therefore, moved to Atlanta,
Georgia. With the opportunity for a new genesis, she felt hope
once again. Finding work was difficult, but Esther was able to
land a job, although it was at minimum pay. There, Esther was
exposed to many humbling experiences and tearful moments.
But this became her fuel, her fire to once again, step up and be
the best at whatever she did, and in all that she does. This has
led Esther to today, as an entrepreneur and working with syndicators
and investors in the Multifamily Real Estate Investment
world. With her business partner, they continue to build and
scale. Her story continues, but Esther’s dreams are lucid. This
is bigger than herself. Esther’s dream is to become the voice for
the unheard, and to reach those forgotten. Generational wealth,
hope, and dreams are achievable for those that desire it. For her,
she has led with perseverance and vision...and the push to seek
her true purpose, to be a hero.
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
158
Chad Palmer
A loving father, devoted husband, and dedicated financial
strategist, Chad has always been known for his unwavering
commitment to his family and those around him. He began
the past decade as a barista and a Target employee. He has now
grown into a service industry expert, and is extending his expertise
in service into the financial industry. He is a part of the
amazing team Pinnacle Elite, via the team Limitless
Leadership Development. Chad has grown his income $50K+
through his hard work and personal-development, and is determined
to be his own brand. He refuses to let any despair define
him. As his son and wife watch him, he pushes with more resilience
and determination than ever. He now chooses to channel
his life experiences to serve others in every aspect, starting with
financial education. His circumstance has launched him into
a deep commitment to making a positive impact on you, your
family’s future, history,
and finances.
Rick Thompson
He has almost 50 years in the construction business working
as an ironworker and construction owner, and has several
patents in the post-tensioning industry. Rick has made several
innovative changes in the industry and has even started companies
on 3 different continents. He is a loving husband, father,
and papa, working hard to make the world a better place.
Chris Lynch
Business Development Representative, Kelly Title Group
Chris is a hard-working business builder. Originally from
Western New York, he moved down to New Jersey just about 20
Heroic Unique Identity
159
years ago. Since then, he has been a constant helper. Whether it
be with title insurance with Kelly Title Group, or just helping
the community as a deacon of his church, Chris is always ready
to lift up and inspire those around him!
Virginia Caamano
CEO of Infinity Homes New Jersey Real Estate Team at
Coldwell Banker
Virginia is the 2023 President of NAHREP NORTH NJ, a
9/11 Survivor, and the mother of two college students / amazing
humans!
She has grown her real estate business by 400% in the past
4 years!
She is on a journey to become the first female Latina to make
the Forbes 500 list and break that glass ceiling to empower other
Latinas to do the same!
Matt Ormond
Dr. Matt Ormond is a modern-day medicine man. He is not
a mystic, but a master of human physiology. Dr. Matt learned
from the masters like; Dr. Richard Yennie, Dr. Milton Dowty,
and world-renowned kinesiologist Coach David Ramsey. He
has worked one on one with the master of communication
and integrity based human influence, Coach Sean Callagy.
Dr. Matt earned a Doctorate of Chiropractic, National Board
Certified in Acupuncture, Kinesiology, Sports Medicine, and
Science Based Nutrition. He has treated some of the top athletes
in nearly every professional sport as well as business executives
and entrepreneurs. Dr. Matt’s uniquely holistic approach merges
Chiropractic, Kinesiology, Eastern Medicine and Nutrition. He
has spent his professional life exploring what is possible and has
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
160
had the privilege of leading 10s of 1,000s of people back onto
the pathway of health. Dr. Matt’s mission is to be part of the
solution to help end human suffering. He truly believes that
understanding the principles that govern our health is possible
and is the only way to live a life without fear.
Jeff Badu
Jeff Badu is a parallel entrepreneur and a wealth multiplier.
He was born and raised in Ghana and came to the US when he
was 8 years old. He’s a Licensed Certified Public Accountant
(CPA) and the founder and CEO of Badu Enterprises, LLC,
which is a multinational conglomerate that owns several key
companies. His marquee company is Badu Tax Services, LLC,
which is a CPA firm that specializes in tax preparation, tax planning,
and tax representation for individuals and businesses. The
firm has over 3,000 clients across all 50 states in the US and over
25 countries. Another key company is Badu Investments, LLC,
which is a real estate investment company that acquires residential
and commercial rental real estate properties in areas such
as the South Side of Chicago in efforts to restore traditionally
underserved areas. The company has over 100 rental apartment
units. What sparked his interest in launching these companies
is his passion for helping people minimize their tax liability and
ultimately multiplying their money by investing it and building
multi-generational wealth. His purpose in life is to inspire and
support the super hungry to take hold of infinite resources in
order to create an abundant lifestyle.
Heroic Unique Identity
161
Jacob Bassett
Young Entrepreneur
After attending college for 3 years with a double minor,
Jacob decided that exercise sciences were not his future. Rather
than giving up, he began working at his family’s manufacturing
shop without abandoning his ultimate goals. Right at the height
of COVID in 2020, he found his current position in business
financing at Preferred Funding Group. His love for helping others,
combined with his ability to be personable has helped him
effectively communicate with business owners and to multiply
his previous income exponentially at the age of 26. He understands
that his journey is just beginning but he is already on
his way to transferring his emotions and goals into reality by
helping others achieve their goals of success in their own lives.
Hinesh Chauhan
Founder-Decent Divorced Dads
EC: President
Ubique: CEO
Starting his career in the Canadian Armed Forces, Hinesh
served 18.5 years as a Combat Engineer and Army Engineer
Officer - full and part-time service - and then went on to serve
in the Federal Public Service overseeing the highest value
assets and projects for the military and national infrastructure,
including leading economic stimulus programs. During his
time in Government, he developed wellness programs where he
increased wellness by 127% over two years in one organization,
and divested of over 100 surplus infrastructure assets which
were stuck on the books from the mid-1980s. He bought his first
house at 21, and started his entrepreneurial journey as a sidegig,
growing his real estate, consulting to help SMBs grow and
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
162
optimize, and created a second mortgages company, and even a
used car dealership. Leaving his executive role in Government,
Hinesh was motivated to make a bigger difference and make his
side-gigs his real gigs! He developed a coaching program to help
divorced dads, volunteers on the Boards of charities dedicated to
families, advocates for veteran mental health, and helps companies
optimize and grow, specializing in supporting companies in
the construction and infrastructure space. Everything he does
is for the ultimate goal to change how we live in our built environment
to improve community, connection, and collaboration
to improve wellbeing.
Jean Good
Jean is a heart-centered, ultra dedicated financial advisor
who spent 20 years working in the horse business.
She has spent 14 years helping hundreds of people make their
dreams come true.
John DeSantis
Partner at Levine DeSantis LLC, admitted to practice in
NY, NJ, and PA
John received his law degree from St. John’s Law School and
Masters of Law in Taxation from Syracuse University School of
Law.
Before practicing law, he was a CPA working as a tax manager
for KPMG.
Becky Swanson
Becky Swanson has been solely concerned with equipping
people to achieve their purpose and vision for their lives.
Heroic Unique Identity
163
Whether it is learning to express oneself musically or breaking
into the computer age at work (way back in the last century!),
she has helped thousands of people achieve more in their professional
and personal lives. Whether as a conductor, director
of corporate learning and development departments, or a seminary
professor, she has earned national awards and Fortune 500
corporate awards. In non-profit board rooms, national church
offices, and with individuals in transition, she is known for
her strategic thinking, deep listening, and ability to encourage
people to believe they can achieve their vision for their life.
In addition to serving as an ordained minister, she currently
coaches individuals navigating watershed transitions in their life
(divorce, layoffs, or unexpected deaths of loved ones), encouraging
them to imagine and take action toward their new life.
Linda Meyer
In the span of 25 years in the healthcare space, Linda went
from nurse, providing bedside care, to health care executive,
providing leadership and direction. She closed that chapter as
COO of an independent, privately owned, multi-location mental
health organization, when she realized her life’s hardships
and tragedies would be not her setbacks, but rather, her catalysts
for personal growth and transformation.
In the aftermath of her husband’s sudden death and unexpected
forced separation from her employer, she found a better
understanding of her own inner strength. She pushed past her
perceived limits, and also revealed a solid core of strength she
never knew she had. Her personal growth journey through
trauma and grief uncovered new opportunities and possibilities
that weren’t available before, and now she tells her story through
her blog, indevidua.com, and social media posts.
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
164
This has brought her to impact others as an independent
Lifestyle & Wellness Coach, and she works with individuals to
identify and set a vision for their health and wellness, and to
find transformation, whether it be physical, financial, intellectual,
or occupational.
Jason Smith
After several years as a hobbyist and aficionado of home theaters
and man caves, Jason decided to found Serenity Sound and
Cinema, a custom residential audio-visual design and installation
firm. Serenity’s mantra of “your vision realized” helps take
the dreams and ideas of Jason’s clients and turn their space into
something that they can continue to enjoy for years to come.
Now in his tenth year of business, Jason continues cultivating
relationships, designing and managing construction projects,
and assisting with product installations. He is constantly providing
insight and answering questions regarding media room
electronics in person and via online forums. With his team, they
leverage industry knowledge to conduct online meetings with
enthusiasts regarding new products, design, installation processes,
and more. Serenity Sound and Cinema has become one
of the most sought-after firms in the Twin Cities metro for those
that desire specialized expertise with an attention to detail and
world-class customer service. Jason is currently in the process of
expanding his business into the Florida
market and beyond, where he will continue to offer the latest
in technology to those looking for a unique space to showcase
movies and music.
Heroic Unique Identity
165
Howard Gershman
Howard has been a regional leader with Primerica for almost
20 years, with over 300 clients all over the country.
He caused 13 clients with massive debts to be on track to
have $1,000,000 retirement accounts.
Additionally, he set up numerous families to be able to send
their children to college without huge loans.
He focuses on putting programs in place to prevent an unexpected
disaster (death) from turning to financial ruin.
Kimberly Glasker
Outreach Manager for a non-profit ministry benefiting veterans
and First Responders. She has traveled the world as an
International Flight Attendant for 17 years. She has a passion
for helping our heroes, healing relationships, and serving others.
Robert Casteel
Co-Founder FFG Inc
After over 23 years of military service, over 13 years as a
volunteer firefighter, and after 10 years of being in the self-development
realm, he teamed up with his wife Cathy to start
MSM Coaching Group six years ago. In January 2023, they
were hand-picked to launch an e-commerce business in the US
Market. In less than 90 days they became directors with their
new e-commerce platform. Robert is a neuro-transformational
coach, where he challenges people to grow in their relationships
and personal lives. Additionally, he is a volunteer leader and
instructor with Team Rubicon which supports and helps people
on their worst day to recover after a disaster. In the world
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
166
of personal transformation, Robert is known for his strength,
holding space for someone, and his service to others.
Cathy Casteel
Co-Founder FFG Inc
After over 30 years of service in the military, after 10 years
of being in the self-development realm, she teamed up with her
husband Robert to start MSM Coaching Group six years ago.
In January 2023, they were hand-picked to launch an e-commerce
business in the US Market. In less than 90 days, they
became directors with their new e-commerce platform. Cathy
is a neuro-transformational coach, where she helps people grow
in their relationships and personal lives. Additionally, she is a
volunteer leader with Team Rubicon, which supports and helps
people on their worst days to recover after a disaster. In the world
of personal transformation, Cathy is known for her ability to
create a sacred space of compassion and love for humanity and
a strong desire to serve others, to help accelerate their money,
time, and magic.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Heroic Unique
Identity (HUI):
1. What does it mean to Create and Convey Your Heroic
Unique Identity (HUI) in Step 3 of The 4 Steps?
Heroic Unique Identity
167
2. What is your Heroic Unique Identity?
3. Do we only have one Heroic Unique Identity, or do we
have separate Heroic Unique Identities for different areas of our
lives?
4. Why is Step 3 such a crucial and necessary piece of
Integrous Influence?
5. What will it cost you if you do not master this skill?
C h a p t e r 2 0 :
168
6. What will it do for your business and your life if you
increase your mastery in the Creation and Conveyance of Your
Heroic Unique Identity?
7. List 10 heroic characteristics that are present in your favorite
characters, those you idolize, etc.
8. How can you 20x your mastery of Step 3?
Agreement Formation
169
C h a p t e r 2 1 :
Agreement Formation
Pitching, hooking, and closing?
Never.
Would you want us to close your mom?
Us neither.
Instead, what if you could move forward from the same side
of the table, in a transparent and integrous agreement where you
are adding more value than you take?
Agreement Formation is the 4th Step of the 4 Step
Communication Model of Integrity Based Human Influence.
If you are not in absolute agreement, you are in disagreement.
Just like you, the person you are speaking to wants more
money, more time, and/or more magic and fulfillment in their
life and business.
At this step, you must not only identify but overcome all of
their spoken and unspoken objections.
C h a p t e r 2 1 :
170
All objections are emotional. There is no such thing as a logical
objection unless they have a family or business obligation
that they cannot miss.
To overcome any objection, you must disrupt their patterns
of “knowingness” and what they believe is true. You can do this
by making bold proclamations and asking powerful questions
that allow them to see what they are not seeing. This is when
they become “unblinded” to you and your importance.
The keys are disruption and overcoming objections, bearing
the 4 energies. A key concept is to have objections collapse upon
themselves as people want to explain why they are saying “no”.
TRUTH-TELLING AND CONFRONTATION.
What is confrontation? It is directly addressing an issue
without avoidance from a place of integrity and truth to achieve
your OUTCOME.
When confronting, we employ the principles of ERPD:
1. Empathy
2. Respect
3. Precision
4. Directness
It is important to engage in the components of ERPD in
their sequential order and with each of the components present.
What is the purpose of confrontation? It builds rapport,
creates a pattern interrupt, breaks apathy, reveals truth, and
educates.
It is a relentless pursuit of your outcome and revealing truth
using the 12 Indispensable Elements of Integrous Influence
Mastery, the 4 Step Communication Model, and the 4 Energies.
Agreement Formation
171
How do you have a high-quality confrontation?
• Know the outcome of the confront;
• Establish Emotional Rapport;
• Be caring, empathetic, precise, respectful, and direct;
• Set expectations clearly;
• Form clear agreements;
• Focus on the desired result, and do not focus on fear or
discomfort;
• Ask open and closed-ended questions, especially “Why?”;
• Lean into objections;
• Use pattern interrupts and disruptions;
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Agreement Formation:
1. What is Agreement Formation in Step 4 of The 4 Steps?
2. How is Agreement Formation different from “closing” and
why do we care?
C h a p t e r 2 1 :
172
3. How would it make you feel (list all the emotions) if you
overheard someone saying that they were going to “close” your
mom?
4. When should we “check in” during the Agreement
Formation process?
5. Should the Agreement Formation always be for a sale, or
is it acceptable to sometimes make the agreement for the next
meeting or phone call? How do we know which is appropriate?
6. How would you rate your present mastery of Agreement
Formation?
Agreement Formation
173
7. Where is there room for improvement in your Agreement
Formation skills?
8. What can rising in these skills cause in your business and
your life?
9. What will it cost you if you do not rise in your Agreement
Formation skills?
10. How can you 20x your mastery of Agreement Formation?
C h a p t e r 2 2 :
174
C h a p t e r 2 2 :
How To Create A Talk
Opening: Cold
Openings, What Ifs, and
Beyond
Nothing is more vital than the first disruptive fifteen seconds
of your influence.
But how?
Master this, and you exponentially grow in Influence
Mastery immediately.
Overall, speaking engagements can be a powerful tool for
influence, as they provide an opportunity to share a common
vision, build rapport and trust, demonstrate expertise and
authority, create a sense of urgency, and leverage group dynamics.
Through using integrous influence effectively, speakers can
inspire and influence groups toward a shared goal or objective.
Before we move into the creation of a successful opening of a
talk, let’s examine the components of a talk.
How To Create A Talk Opening: Cold Openings, What Ifs, and Beyond
175
The main components of a talk are: Opening, 3-5 Main
Points, Outro with a call to action.
Opening: The introduction is the opening part of the talk
that sets the stage and captures the audience’s attention and
opens their listening. It should provide an overview of what the
talk will cover and why it’s important. Speak into their listening.
Body: The body of the talk is where the speaker presents the
main content and ideas. Have 3 to 5 main points. This is where
the speaker will provide evidence, share stories, and make their
arguments.
Transitions: Transitions are the phrases or sentences that
connect the different parts of the talk. They help the audience
understand how the different parts of the talk relate to each
other and keep the flow of the talk smooth.
Outro: The conclusion is the ending part of the talk that
summarizes the main points and reinforces the message. It
should also leave a lasting impression on the audience. This is
where you have your call to action.
Q&A: Depending on the format of the talk, there may be
a question-and-answer session where the audience can ask the
speaker questions and engage in a dialogue.
Visual aids: Visual aids such as slides or videos can be used
to enhance the talk and provide a visual representation of the
content.
Delivery: Delivery refers to the way the speaker presents the
talk. It includes factors such as the speaker’s tone, pace, volume,
body language, and congruence.
Overall, these components work together to create a successful
talk that engages the audience, presents a clear message, and
achieves the desired outcome.
C h a p t e r 2 2 :
176
Now, let’s explore Cold Openings and What Ifs as a means
of opening our talks.
A cold opening is the beginning of a speaking engagement
that captures the audience’s attention and sets the tone for the
rest of the speech. Here are some tips to help you create an effective
cold opening for your speaking engagement:
Grab the audience’s attention: Start with a powerful statement,
question, or statistic that is relevant to your topic. This
will immediately engage the audience and make them interested
in what you have to say.
Use humor: If appropriate for your topic and audience, a
well-timed joke or humorous anecdote can be a great way to
break the ice and put everyone at ease.
Use a personal story: Sharing a personal story related to your
topic can help the audience relate to you and your message. It can
also help establish credibility and make you more approachable.
Use a visual aid: A powerful image or short video clip can be
a great way to grab the audience’s attention and set the tone for
your speech.
Make a bold statement: A bold statement can challenge the
audience’s preconceived notions and get them thinking about
your topic in a new way.
Remember that the goal of your cold opening is to capture
the audience’s attention and make them interested in what you
have to say. By using one or more of these techniques, you can
create an effective cold opening that sets the tone for your entire
speaking engagement.
Here are a few examples of cold openings that you can use to
start your speaking engagement:
Shocking statistic: “Did you know that every 2 seconds, a
child dies of malnutrition somewhere in the world? That means
How To Create A Talk Opening: Cold Openings, What Ifs, and Beyond
177
that by the time I finish this sentence, another child will have
died. This is a crisis that demands our attention and action.”
Personal story: “When I was growing up, my mother always
told me that I could be anything I wanted to be. But as I got
older, I started to doubt myself and my abilities. It wasn’t until
I discovered the power of positive self-talk that I was able to
overcome my self-doubt and achieve my goals.”
Humor: “Good evening, everyone! I’m thrilled to be here
tonight, especially since I was promised an unlimited supply of
pizza and pina coladas. But seriously, I’m excited to talk to you
all about the future of renewable energy.”
Bold statement: “The world as we know it is changing at
an unprecedented pace. And if we don’t take action now, we
risk leaving behind a planet that is uninhabitable for future
generations.”
Visual aid: “I want you to close your eyes for a moment and
imagine that you’re standing on a beach. You can feel the sun
on your skin and the sand between your toes. Now imagine that
the beach is covered in plastic waste. This is the reality that we’re
facing today, and it’s up to us to do something about it.”
Now that you have a better understanding of cold openings
as means to open a talk, let’s discuss the option of using What
Ifs.
Using “what ifs” to open a talk means posing hypothetical
questions or scenarios that encourage your audience to think
about a particular issue or topic. The purpose of this type of
opening is to engage the audience’s imagination and get them
thinking about the possibilities that lie ahead.
“What if” questions can be particularly effective for talks
related to the future or for talks that challenge the audience to
think in new and innovative ways. For example, if you’re giving
C h a p t e r 2 2 :
178
a talk on the future of artificial intelligence, you might start
with a “what if” question such as:
“What if we could create machines that could think and
reason like humans? What would that mean for our society, our
economy, and our future?”
Or if you’re giving a talk on the importance of creativity in
the workplace, you might start with a “what if” scenario like:
“What if we lived in a world where everyone had the freedom
to be creative and innovative? How would that change the way
we work, learn, and grow?”
Using “what ifs” to open a talk can be a great way to capture
your audience’s attention and get them thinking about your
topic in a new and exciting way.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Cold Openings,
What Ifs, and Beyond:
1. What are some options on how to open your talk, and
which are less and which are more optimal?
2. What is a cold opening and what is an example, including
tense?
How To Create A Talk Opening: Cold Openings, What Ifs, and Beyond
179
3. What is a “What If” opening and what does it cause?
4. How do I masterfully use “What Ifs” in my talk?
5. How do I masterfully deliver my talk in order to master
integrous influence?
6. Why is a masterful talk introduction necessary for mastering
integrous influence?
C h a p t e r 2 3 :
180
C h a p t e r 2 3 :
Talk Outros
The Opening and the Outro of your talk make up ninety
percent of the Influence Mastery of your talk.
Do you end with a golf clap?
Perhaps thunderous applause for your brilliance?
Or, as great Greek orator Cicero challenged, do you cause
your audience to go forward and march?
The Outro of your talk, also known as the conclusion, should
summarize the main points of your talk and leave a lasting
impression on the audience. Here are some components to consider
including in your outro:
Recap: Summarize the main points of your talk in a concise
and clear manner. This can help to reinforce your message and
ensure that the audience understands the key takeaways.
Call to action: End your talk with a clear call to action. This
can be a specific action that you want the audience to take, such
as signing up for a program, volunteering, or making a donation.
Talk Outros
181
Closing statement: End your talk with a memorable closing
statement that reinforces your message and leaves a lasting
impression on the audience.
Thank you: Express gratitude to the audience for their time
and attention. This can help to establish a connection with the
audience and leave a positive impression.
Contact information: Provide contact information, such as
your email address or social media handles, so that the audience
can reach out to you if they have any questions or want to learn
more.
Overall, the outro of your talk should be memorable, concise,
and reinforce your message. By including a recap of your main
points, a clear call to action, a memorable closing statement,
a thank you, and your contact information, you can create a
successful outro that leaves a lasting impression on the audience.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on Talk Outros:
1. What should the outro section of my talk be comprised of?
2. How do I ensure that I masterfully deliver the outro of
my talk?
C h a p t e r 2 3 :
182
3. How can I ensure that I am keeping the attention of the
audience all the way through the outro section of my talk?
4. How can I reopen listening if I have lost the attention of
the group?
5. Why is mastery of my talk outro necessary for integrous
influence?
6. What does a proper call to action look like in the outro
of my talk?
The Middle Of A Talk
183
C h a p t e r 2 4 :
The Middle Of A Talk
If the Intro and Outro are masterful, the Middle just needs to
have three to five effective points that do not screw up your
Intro and Outro or put your audience to sleep.
Of course, that is an exaggeration.
Three to five points illustrated by effectively emotion-evoking,
and logically clear stories, will make the mastery of your
influence complete.
The middle of your talk should consist of the main content
and ideas that you want to convey to the audience. This is where
you will present your arguments, share your stories and examples,
and provide evidence to support your message. Here are
some components to consider including in the middle of your
talk:
Main points: Start by introducing your main points, and
make sure they are easy to understand and follow. This can help
to keep the audience engaged and interested in what you have
to say.
C h a p t e r 2 4 :
184
Evidence: Use evidence to support your main points, such as
statistics, research, case studies, or personal anecdotes. This can
help to build credibility and reinforce your message.
Stories: Use stories to illustrate your points and make them
more memorable. Personal stories or examples can be particularly
effective in engaging the audience and creating an emotional
connection.
Examples: Use examples to clarify your points and make
them more relatable. Examples can help the audience to understand
complex concepts or ideas by applying them to real-world
situations.
Visual aids: Use visual aids, such as slides, images, or videos,
to enhance your presentation and make it more engaging.
Visual aids can help to break up the monotony of a long talk and
make it easier for the audience to follow along.
Transitions: Use transitions to connect your main points and
make the flow of your talk smoother. Transitions can help the
audience to understand how different points relate to each other
and make it easier to follow your argument.
Overall, the middle of your talk should be engaging, informative,
and well-organized. By including main points, evidence,
stories, examples, visual aids, and transitions, you can create a
successful middle that engages the audience and reinforces your
message.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment on The Middle of a Talk:
1. What belongs in the middle section of my talk?
The Middle Of A Talk
185
2. How do I keep the full attention of the audience during
this section of my talk?
3. How can I rise in my mastery of the delivery of my talk
so that people are engaged, interested, and want to continue the
conversation after I conclude my talk?
4. What do I do if I encounter a heckler or mismatcher
during my talk? Hint: Refer to the chapter on confronts.
C h a p t e r 2 4 :
186
Epilogue by Tink:
What if?
What if there are actually superheroes?
What if you, led by Sean Callagy and Unblinded, are those
superheroes in this world?
A superhero risks everything for people.
Superheroes risk, face, and sacrifice being misunderstood
and misportrayed, risk and sacrifice the comforts of a simple and
ordinary life, and also sacrifice so much of their time, energy,
and life force for the benefit of other human beings regardless of
whether those human beings are grateful or not.
As part of Unblinded, you are one of a fraction of a fraction
of a percent of people who will ever know what it takes and costs
to impact millions of lives, just as Sean and the Unblinded team
have in their invaluable contributions to the millions of people
that have been impacted by the Formula across the world.
One of those impacted lives is mine, which carries over to
so many people I love, give to and serve thanks to Sean and the
Epilogue by Tink:
187
Formula he has instilled in me. He has not only impacted my
life...at times he has saved it.
Oh, the miracles I have seen this Formula cause and create…
Through the mastery of The Formula, his Formula, I have
witnessed Sean Callagy: protect those who can’t protect themselves,
include those who are excluded, see the unseen, hear the
unheard, give a voice to those who are silenced, accept the unaccepted,
love the unloved, forgive the unforgiven, believe in those
who are doubted, honor and respect the disrespected, cause faith
in nonbelievers, give peace, hope and purpose to those who were
lost, save lives, donate full truckloads of Christmas toys so that
those in need could have a merry Christmas and continue to
believe in magic, joy, love, being good, and that a higher power
exists and cares for them, stop super villains from harming the
innocent and defenseless, find and unite other superheroes in
this ecosystem he created called Unblinded, give those on their
deathbed the greatest gift of knowing their life meant and stood
for something in this world, act as a warrior on the battlefield
and a King in his kingdom, stand for truth, dispel racism and
bias, heroically risk everything for people who could do nothing
for him, give everything to those who had nothing, stand for
truth, sacrifice self-gain for the greater good, as a blind man out
surf, out ski, out shoot, and out bowl the most talented sighted
athletes, out love those with the deepest of hearts, out give the
wealthiest men and women in highly prestigious rooms, raise
over 10 million dollars for charity in 2022 alone, create an entire
100 plus person law firm that recovers money for doctors that
is stolen from them (after already building and selling his first
40-person law firm in a little over two years in his twenties,
only two years out of law school) as the only equity partner,
cause business owners to recover their businesses when they are
defrauded, collect more than half a billion dollars for healthcare
clients, restore belief in the goodness of people just about on
﻿
188
a daily basis, not only bring but invent and actualize magical
experiences into this world that do not and have not existed anywhere
else ever before, positively impact every life he encounters
whether it is a waiter, Uber driver, child, Senator, presidential
candidate, billionaire, Disney’s highest level executives, impact
Fortune 10 through Fortune 500 company leaders, save the lives
of horses and baby turtles, rescue people from sex trafficking,
feed the hungry, continuously break sales records on the largest
personal development stages in the world, deliver supplies to
Ukraine during war amid missile fire purchased with money he
raised and contributed to, and even be one of only two attorneys
out of 1.2 million (and the only blind one) to achieve two Top
100 National Jury Verdicts between 2014 and 2016 and then
use that money to create a 7 figure charitable foundation solely
from his own money with zero other contributions, with a mission
to dispel the misperceptions about Christianity and restore
the truth that it is about love, inclusion, and giving.
I have never known another human being in this world who
gives more, tries harder, loves deeper, and cares more. I have
seen him be Jack Bauer, Batman, Herb Brooks, Iron Man, Willy
Wonka, Peter Pan, Rambo, Rocky Balboa, Aquaman, James
Bond, a younger version of Tony Robbins, Luke Skywalker,
Yoda, Maverick, and so many more of the greatest, most integrous,
brilliant, heart-centered leaders that this world has ever
seen, known, or imagined. I have witnessed him be a blessing
and a gift to this world as he proved miracles are possible and
that we can cause them if we believe and if we try.
I, like so many, could never repay Sean and the Unblinded
team in a thousand lifetimes for the selflessness, sacrifices, and
undying commitment to the mission that is the core of my heart
and soul.
Epilogue by Tink:
189
The true magic is, that possibility, the ability to cause miracles
and actualize dreams exists for all of us through the mastery
of The Formula that you studied here.
Will you accept the sacred responsibility that comes with
harnessing the only attainable superpower of integrous influence…
a life of deep meaning, of influence, of truly living your
life’s purpose, of the newfound ability to actualize not only your
dreams and legacy but also cause that ability in others?
Will you carry forth your newfound mastery, wisdom, and
knowledge each day and at every opportunity once you arrive
home, wherever home is for you?
Or will you fall back into patterns of comfort, fear, excuses,
and social norms, falling prey to the love for “the new”?
Will you be the force for good for everyone who is blessed to
know and encounter you?
Will you be Peter Pan for them, showing them how to believe
and how to fly?
Will you remember the iconic Freedom Tower, the tallest
building in America, visible from your event venue each
day, which stands as a symbol of resilience and triumph over
terrorism?
Will you too choose to stand tall, find your utmost strength,
your resilience, and rebuild yourself, no matter what cruel dark
forces seek to destroy you? Would you burn to the ground, find
hope in the ashes, choose to grow taller, and burn brighter than
ever before?
You began each day of this immersion with commitment,
hope, and belief, as the iconic Statue of Liberty held its torch
high in the New York waters across the river. As a beacon of
light, she watched you fight for your dreams. As the Mother
of Exiles, she embodied hope and opportunity for you, and for
﻿
190
all who are seeking a better life, just as she has for so many
years and perhaps even for your ancestors. Her official name
represents her most important symbol, “Liberty Enlightening
the World.” And you now have the opportunity to be a beacon
of exactly that and so much more.
You, if you choose to be, will be a symbol of the freedom
of choice, an example of the possibility of the superpower of
influence, taking the Formula forward and enlightening the
world with it. With each day and each step forward, you have
the power to be the actual symbol of liberty, justice, integrity,
truth, and making the impossible possible. Will you carry the
torch (The Formula) forward, lighting the way for all who seek a
better life but don’t know how or where to turn? Will you be the
light, enlighten them, and show them the way so that they too
may be a symbol and beacon of truth, freedom, and possibility?
Will you choose to be free of the shackles of fear and doubt?
Or will they be the cold, rusty bars that imprison you, standing
guard between your dreams, your legacy, and the actualization
of your superpowers?
When fear takes hold, will you refuse to allow anyone or
anything to have such power over you that you are thrown off
of your zone action, diverted from your Why and your purpose?
Will you use your resolve, decisiveness, strength, and powerful
Zeus Energy to stay the course?
Will you remember the magical power of using Fun Energy
to open listening, and instead of playing it safe or sticking with
the routine, will you dare to use Tink’s pixie dust, and bring
that playfulness and lightness into your life, creating magic,
connection, unique experiences, and memories that will last a
lifetime for yourself and others?
When hope is lost, will you tap into your Aspirational Energy,
help others find a will, a way, and see the light, the goodness,
Epilogue by Tink:
191
and the possibility that still exists and is waiting for you (it will
always be there waiting for you)? Will you commit to reaching
that higher place? Will you never lose sight of your Why?
When darkness comes for you, will you remember that you
cannot fight darkness with darkness? Will you tap into Goddess
Energy and remember that darkness can only be conquered with
love, strength, depth of heart, and light? Will you remember
how to love unconditionally with boundaries? Will you maybe
even turn darkness into light?
When Captain Hook claws at you, intending to pull you
back into old patterns, dragging you toward the abyss of fear
and doubt, will you use the lessons that you have learned here to
bring you back to truth, the truth of who you truly are, remembering
that you have everything you need inside you already to
overcome any obstacle and conquer any villain?
Will you remember that no one, and I mean no one, has the
ability to define you but you?
Will you convey your Heroic Unique Identity and in doing
so, empower others to do the same, living a life of truth and
justice? Will you prove that the term “life isn’t fair” can be conquered
if we all act to make it more so by banding together
against life’s injustices?
Will you remember that you need no acknowledgment but
your own?
Will you resist manipulation and Palpatineism when dark
forces try to trap you by causing doubt and fear in you in order
to use you for their own dark outcomes?
Will you remember that the gift of Level Five Listening is the
greatest gift you could give any human being, and that you do
not need unlimited amounts of money and resources to cause
the outcomes you are seeking in the world?
﻿
192
Will you remember that the mastery of The Formula is a
unique gift that makes you one of the rarest individuals in the
world, and your mastery of it makes you an immensely powerful
superhero, far more powerful than those you remember from
your childhood years?
Where will you go?
What will you do from here, with these newfound gifts,
skillsets, and superpowers?
Will it all be lost?
Will it wait here, in Jersey City, New Jersey, until next year,
with the breathtaking, powerfully awe-inspiring waterfront
views of the iconic New York City skyline of towering steel skyscrapers
that existed for you each contemplative night and hopeful
morning, reminding you of the freedoms and possibilities
that exist in capitalism, and in your life, through the mastery
of the Formula?
Or will you carry the superpowers forward, light the way, and
maybe share them with others, form your own Justice League,
and take your mission for good to the world?
You are far more powerful than you have ever dared to
imagine.
I have seen you fly.
I believe in you.
With absolute love for you, your dreams, your heart, your
soul, your integrity, and your superhero identity,
Nicole “Tink” Maiello
A special thanks to Sean Callagy for Unblinding me to what
life truly is, and through his Formula, even showing me my
purpose in it.
Afterword by Tink:
193
Afterword by Tink:
Calmly, unobtrusively, and resolutely a man with an athletic
physique adjusts his Ron John sweatshirt slightly over
his perfectly fitted jeans and shifts forward curiously and with
intention in his stadium seat in the very last row of the upper
deck at Citi Field, home of his favorite major league baseball
team, the New York Mets. Although, this time, it’s not about
waiting for the crack of the bat as it connects with the fastball
perfectly and carries with it the dreams of a World Series win.
Today is not about the flawlessly angled curve ball, the speed
and decisiveness of a masterfully stolen base, nor whether the
looming high fly ball to center field will find its way to a player’s
glove, to the bleacher creatures to battle over, or to be lost into
the heights of the rafters and stadium lights. It’s not even about
the dreams of playing in the major leagues come and gone. It’s
not about the nostalgia of the ball games with Dad growing up,
nor the reminiscence of playing at the iconic Yankee Stadium
and Shea Stadium himself.
﻿
194
Today is about something that holds far more at stake for the
world than any baseball game ever could or would.
Today is about hope, vision, purpose, and the actualization
of a mission bestowed unto him through God-given gifts and
talents. Today, dreams, legacy, and ending suffering are at stake
in stadiums everywhere all across the world.
Black and gold banners adorn the stadium.
Wind gently brushes through the man’s dark blonde, impeccably
styled hair and across his skin which still displays the remnants
of his surfer’s tan. The polarized Ray Bans shielding his
blue-green eyes are a gift from his son Tyler, a now prominent
and highly respected attorney with an unwavering sense of justice
and commitment to truth. Tyler modeled his father in this
way, and gracefully yet boldly followed in his footsteps in many
other aspects of life as well.
A professional who appears to be in his mid-thirties, whom
the man in the back row does not recognize, smooths his black
jeans and fitted long-sleeve black shirt, takes a meaningful and
purpose filled glance into the crowd, knowing that the futures
and dreams of every person in the audience are at stake, and
slowly yet boldly he climbs the stairs to the stage and makes his
way to the microphone. He pauses to glance at the immense
gold lightning bolt directly behind him at center stage, as if to
pay reverence and respect to all it represents: light, illumination,
truth, disruption, strength, power from a higher being, integrity...
and so much more.
He then turns his attention back to the audience, takes one
last glance into the stadium, anchoring on the thousands of
lives he is committed to serving today, closes his eyes, puts one
hand on his heart, and takes a slow, deep, and deliberate breath.
He reopens his eyes with unconditional love for each and every
hopeful individual he is about to serve today, scans the faces
Afterword by Tink:
195
of the anticipating crowd, and begins with intention “It is my
honor and blessing to welcome you to the 2035 Unblinded
Mastery New York City Integrous Influence Immersion...”
A meaningful sense of peace and purpose washes over the
man in the back row as his 14-year-old daughter admires the
black and gold Unblinded banners across the stadium, representing
what has come to be known as a symbol of light, of
hope, of dreams coming true, and what many would refer to as
an answer to their prayers.
“Dad, this entire stadium will have the treasure map to their
dreams coming true, and to their very own magical Disney-like
happy endings thanks to you.”
A tear glistens in his eye as he turns and says, “Selina, the
greatest thing we can do for the world and in honor of God is
to ensure that we multiply the gifts and talents he gave us and
not squander them. If I didn’t take The Formula to the world,
I would have failed you, everyone in this stadium, all who
believed, and ultimately I would have failed God by keeping
the gifts he gave me inside instead of sharing them so that other
superheroes could rise in the world, cause an end to suffering,
and make dreams come true.”
“Dad, I can’t wait to be one of those superheroes someday,”
Selina shares as she beams with love and gratitude that emanates
so powerfully that it could light the entire stadium.
“You already are, Selina. You always have been...” the man
in the back row says with truth, love, and absolute certainty as
he is interrupted by a past client whose booming voice he hasn’t
heard in quite some time.
A 6-foot-4 stocky man with salt and pepper hair approaches
“Hey Sean!!!! Long time no see, man!!! I saw those videos of
you and Selina surfing together in LBI and I meant to reach
out sooner, brother!! I’ve been looking forward to this event all
﻿
196
year. The ways your Formula has changed the lives of everyone
in my business, the way it solved the most extreme problems my
family has faced on the darkest days and the grimmest hours...
dude. I’m sure you hear this all the time but I, every member of
my business, my family, and this world will never in a million
lifetimes be able to repay you for what Unblinded has done and
caused in this world. You’re a legend, man. You have changed
my life and all the lives I serve generationally. My son just
bought his own beach house right down the block from the one
you caused me to be able to afford. My daughter’s accounting
practice is breaking record profits for the fifth year in a row. I
just don’t know what I would have done without you and your
Formula.” He starts to tear up and leans in for a hug.
The conversation becomes barely audible as the roaring of
the audience heightens, as the man Sean Callagy has never met
nor spoken to continues to teach the indispensable elements of
the Formula and carry the mission forward to the arena, today,
just as so many others like him are doing across the world on
this very same day.
The Unblinded Formula is being taught simultaneously
in arenas, event centers, Fortune 10-500 businesses, meeting
rooms, galas, virtual immersions, webinars, fundraisers, startup
companies, non-profits, households, to presidential candidates,
and beyond as Sean Callagy sits in the final row of the
2035 Unblinded Mastery New York City Integrous Influence
Immersion. His dream has been actualized. He is unknown and
unrecognized by the attendees. Today is not about him. The
Formula he created over a period of 35 years, through immense
sacrifice and relentless commitment is now being taught everywhere,
causing good in the world, continuously being the spark
that never lets hope die. His legacy has been caused.
Who are those professionals and superheroes on stages across
the world?
Afterword by Tink:
197
Is one of them you?
Is one of them or are many of them superheroes that you
have caused and created?
Is that man on stage at Citi Field a superhero that you trained
and helped to achieve the only attainable superpower, the superpower
of integrous influence? Perhaps it is you.
Will I be sitting next to you in the final row of the upper
deck with peace and absolute resoluteness, knowing we did our
part and served our purpose?
As Coach Gaines said in Friday Night Lights, will we look
each other in the eyes and know we did everything we could
have done? Will we have lived perfectly for ourselves, for each
other, for our loved ones, and for the world?
﻿
198








































GROUP
INFLUENCE
GRAND CAYMAN
________________________________
SEAN CALLAGY
NICOLE “TINK” MAIELLO
2 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
Group Influence Grand Cayman
Copyright © 2023 by Sean Callagy and Unblinded
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or
transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission
from the author.
Table of Contents
INTRODUCTION: .................................................................................................. 5
CHAPTER 1: ......................................................................................................... 11
CHAPTER 2: ......................................................................................................... 28
CHAPTER 3. ......................................................................................................... 34
CHAPTER 4: ......................................................................................................... 40
CHAPTER 5: ......................................................................................................... 44
CHAPTER 6: ......................................................................................................... 48
CHAPTER 7: ......................................................................................................... 52
CHAPTER 8: ......................................................................................................... 56
CHAPTER 9: ......................................................................................................... 59
CHAPTER 10: ...................................................................................................... 63
CHAPTER 11: ...................................................................................................... 66
CHAPTER 12: ...................................................................................................... 70
CHAPTER 13: ...................................................................................................... 75
CHAPTER 14: ...................................................................................................... 78
CHAPTER 15: ...................................................................................................... 83
CHAPTER 16: ...................................................................................................... 87
CHAPTER 17: ...................................................................................................... 91
CHAPTER 18: ...................................................................................................... 95
CHAPTER 19: ...................................................................................................... 99
CHAPTER 20: ................................................................................................... 103
CHAPTER 21: ................................................................................................... 108
CHAPTER 22: ................................................................................................... 113
CHAPTER 23: ................................................................................................... 119
CHAPTER 24: ................................................................................................... 122
EPILOGUE FROM TINK: .............................................................................. 125

Introduction:
__________________________________
Welcome to Neverland.
You have stepped into a world of love, connection,
wonder, possibility, rich history, one of the world’s most
beautiful undersea ecosystems, and yes, even pirates.
Our time here together is for you. If you so desire, treasure
and riches, far beyond the wildest dreams of the pirates
of the Caribbean who searched here, await you.
The treasures can be found in our time together, solo
walks on the beach, under the sea on the reefs, or off the
coral walls. The treasures can also be taken home with you
and will eventually grow in value more than any gold or precious
stones.
When I first heard of this place, I was thirteen years old.
In my scuba certification class with my dad, our instructors
told us tales of “The Caymans” as though it was a distant,
mysterious world to be discovered.
There is a beautiful book, which some would falsely call
a children’s book, named The Giving Tree. It describes a relationship
a boy, then a man, had with a tree that gave him
everything he needed, when he needed it, throughout every
stage of his life.
This island holds that possibility for all, and it certainly
has been that for me.
When I first came here at age twenty-three, I was headed
off to law school, to avoid being not only blind, but also broke
6 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
and an alcoholic, like some blind people I had come to know.
I had just finished reading John Grisham’s book, The Firm,
and the island was exploding with energy as the movie The
Firm, starring Tom Cruise, had just finished filming in Grand
Cayman. The world beyond the tiny ecosystem of certified
scuba divers, had now discovered “The Caymans.”
My first wall dive here changed my life forever. It was
like filling the Grand Canyon with water and stepping off the
edge. In six thousand feet of water, over the North Wall, as it
dropped straight into the abyss, I had both the feeling of flying
like Superman and of being eaten by a monster coming
out of the depths, like Jaws. Two hundred plus dives on this
island later, I have lost the fear of Jaws, but not the magical
feeling of wall flying.
As I was finalizing the sale of my first law firm, I came
here for weeks in the summer of 2002. My son Tyler was two
years and eleven months old and my oldest daughter Courtney
was eight months old. At what is now a sacred space to
my family and me, the Aqua Bay Club, Courtney discovered
eating sand, and Tyler and I met a magical fish named
Whitey. Our relationship with Whitey continues more than
twenty years later to this day in something that is nothing
short of mystical and soulful.
This island wonderland holds space for peace, relaxation,
joy, passion, love, growth, acceleration, exploration, adventure,
escape, wonder, awe, and healing of the body, mind,
heart, and soul.
I have experienced every one of those feelings from my
now thirty-one-year relationship with Grand Cayman.
As I write this, approaching my twenty-eighth trip, tears
of gratitude flow down my face.
GROUP INFLUENCE 7
I have had the privilege of bringing more than three hundred
people to this island.
My children, who have formed a bond very similar to
mine with this space, my first and second wife, my parents,
my beloved grandmother Nonnie just two years before she
went to heaven, my two-time Emmy award-winning sister,
Randi, my aunts, uncles, cousins, my children’s friends, the
Callagy Law team, after the second top one hundred jury verdict,
Selina’s mom, Mona, when we were just friends and she
came here to heal her heart, dear friends, the Unblinded ecosystem,
and of course, the incredible Unblinded team.
Tink has experienced my family here and my dad’s famous
“give me a good pour” story.
Almost the entire Unblinded team is now certified in
scuba diving thanks to Nick Buckley of Deep Blue Divers and
his amazing team of scuba instructors that have changed
over the thirteen years since my oldest child began diving
here at ten years old. His sisters dove here for the first time
at the ages of eight and seven. Shhhhhh…. Don’t tell anyone
that. The scuba police may arrest us and the Division of
Youth and Family Services may consider the statute of limitations
against me not yet expired.
Numerous times we have had the privilege of heading
straight from the plane to the dive boat.
No words can do justice to the moments of opening
nights at Rackam’s with our tarpon friends, shipwrecks, sergeant
majors, virgin pina coladas, and the sunsets. We have
befriended and been marked by countless sting rays while
snorkeling and diving at a site that is arguably the most famous
on the planet, thanks to Captain Marvin, who invented
sting ray encounters many years ago.
8 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
My daughters’ love of the pool, experiencing my daughter
Courtney at four years old free diving ten feet down off
the boat in the ocean to greet me and three-year-old Emma,
who was on my back, snorkeling hundreds of yards off shore,
Seven Restaurant, cooking the fish Tyler and my dad caught,
swarms of silversides blocking visibility in underwater swim
throughs with my kids, shark attacks on Tyler’s fin, and returning
there in hopes that it would happen again, and it did.
Playing Truth or Dare with Michael Smikun as he was
chased out of the Ritz Carlton lounge by an overzealous participant,
Tom LaGreca becoming Sexy Pappi as he befriended
dolphins.
The turtle farm never growing old, at least for me.
The magic of Casa Nova, beach dinners, and the magic of
our first-ever Group Influence Immersion last year.
Tink’s creating magical events for Callagy Law and Unblinded
that may even have included newly patented tasty
beverages, and called upon stars as if drawn by an artist for
magical nights on the beach.
Adam and Fernando landing and becoming certified
right from the plane, to Tink staying after and heroically
overcoming some bizarre and challenging obstacles on her
way to scuba certification.
Of course, the birth of the buoy bunch with Chad, Barb,
Bill (and our heroic adventure fighting the currents and supporting
teammates), Steph, Shiobhan, Marc, and, uh oh, has
anyone seen Zeke? Last I saw he was being sucked away by
the currents to Cuba, dreaming of Captain Marvin’s daughter.
GROUP INFLUENCE 9
That experience at Macabuca is only rivaled by the night
Tyer and I left dinner to scuba dive there at night in a thunder
and lightning storm, some time before the lightning bolt
meant what it now means.
Please don’t tell DYFS about that one either.
Our dear friend and Elite One Hundred member, Patricia
Marseille, perhaps captured it best as she referenced Peter
Pan and the reimagining of old negative connections into
positive ones in her now iconic Unblinded moment.
So yes, it is what you make of it.
Thirty-one years later, for some, Grand Cayman has become
just another cruise port and shopping destination.
I know better though.
It can be as little or as much as you choose.
As our dear friend Yoda advises, “Choose wisely young
Jedis.”
The force awaits you, as does the magic, time, and money
of the choice of your level of mastery.
Group Influence is not what brought me to this island for
the first time, but it is what made it our family’s and the Unblinded
Ecosystem’s home outside of the great state of New
Jersey.
This trip would not be possible without Unblinded cofounders
Adam Gugino, Fernando Valencia, and Nicole Maiello.
This mission would have gone the way of Calico Jack
Rackham without their tireless efforts.
The entire Unblinded team, including Heart of Influence
cohost, Stephanie Bella Ann Verita Vehon, Momma of Unblinded,
Gina Ricci, Pauly, The Mayor, C, Michael Johnson,
10 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
and the rest of the incredible team. Special Thanks to Callagy
Law, Tony Robbins, Platinum Partnership, Rob Gill, and the
Epic team for all of the value they add. Without all of it, none
of this happens.
As Willy Wonka shared, surprises await around every
corner, but nothing dangerous. Well, maybe the former, but
I’m not as sure about the latter.
Tink has pixie dust wherever you need to fly, and I mean
the best, and natural, magical kind.
Your magic and mastery await you….
Welcome to Group Influence Grand Cayman 2023, and
may it be everything now, and forever, of which you dream.
In your service,
Pan
AKA Sean Callagy
Chapter 1:
__________________________________
What Is Group Influence And Why Does
It Matter?
Cicero
Bugs Bunny
WWE
Abraham Lincoln
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Helen Keller
Jesus
Benjamin Franklin
Willy Wonka
Peter Pan
Tinker Bell
Charlie Chaplin
Bruce Springsteen
Tony Robbins
Malcolm X
Warren Buffett
Mark Zuckerberg
Barack Obama
12 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
Elon Musk
Oprah Winfrey
Taylor Swift
Muhammad Ali
Michael Jordan’s Mother, Deloris
Herb Brooks
Nelson Mandela
Mahatma Gandhi
Mother Teresa
Frank Sinatra
Tom Brady
Derek Jeter
Bill Gates
Gerry Spence
George Washington
Jeff Bezos
Socrates
Batman
Dr. Seuss
And…
Mickey Mouse
What do these people and characters have in common?
Hint: It is not green eggs and ham.
GROUP INFLUENCE 13
Of course, they possess the only attainable superpower
of Group Influence Mastery.
In 1954 Roger Bannister achieved the superhuman feat
of running a sub-four-minute mile at precisely 3:59.4 seconds.
But, was it actually superhuman?
Less than fifty days later, Roger Bannister’s record was
broken.
In the nearly seventy years that have passed since Roger
Bannister ran 3 minutes 59 seconds, 16 seconds have been
shaved off of Roger Bannister’s impossible achievement.
The current record is approximately seven percent
faster than Roger Bannister’s time.
According to reference.com, the average person can run
a mile in nine minutes.
This means that the world record holder is about 2.5
times faster in the mile than the average person.
What do you think the difference in Group Influence is
between the above list of people and the average person?
One in 25,000 companies makes it to ten million dollars.
Mickey Mouse’s company is worth 185 billion dollars.
George Washington defeated the greatest fighting power
the world had ever seen.
Abraham Lincoln kept that nation from destroying itself.
The median net worth of an American family is
$121,700.
Oprah Winfrey’s net worth is 3 billion dollars.
14 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
For those keeping score at home, this means that Oprah
Winfrey has an approximately 25,000 times higher net
worth than the average American family.
To equal Oprah, Roger Bannister would have to run a
mile in less than one-tenth of one second.
I don’t think anyone is doing that any time soon.
And, Warren Buffett’s net worth is 35 times that of Oprah
Winfrey.
This is why we, with absolute certainty, proclaim that
Group Influence is the greatest attainable superpower for a
human being.
And, nothing else is even arguably close.
This is why this book matters more than anything else
you can possibly read and actualize.
WHAT IS GROUP INFLUENCE?
Group Influence is the ability to transfer an idea from
your mind, heart, and soul to more than one person’s mind,
heart, and soul, have them receive it, understand it, and act
upon it due to energetic transference.
Integrous Group Influence is when we are adding more
value than we are taking to more than one person and we are
fully transparent with our intentions.
Jeff Bezos is worth nearly 200 billion dollars and his influence
changed how America and other incredibly successful
nations shop and so much more.
Helen Keller raised tens of millions of dollars for charity
(in today’s dollars), and she could not see, hear or speak (for
most of her life).
GROUP INFLUENCE 15
In 1982 the WWF was purchased for one million dollars.
Currently, WWE, the WWF’s successor company is worth
nearly 8 billion dollars.
Deloris Jordan, Michael Jordan’s mother, rejected Nike’s
$250,000 offer and instead created an ecosystem merger
with Nike that resulted in Michael Jordan, who was paid 90
million dollars during his NBA career, to receive 1.3 billion
dollars from Nike. 1.3 billion is approximately 5,200 times
$250,000.
The differences are not linear. They are exponential, and
at times, even infinite.
These folks, fictional characters, and entities possessed
the highest level of ability to transfer an idea from the mind,
heart, and soul to the minds, hearts, and souls of billions of
people and have their ideas received and acted upon.
INTEGROUS GROUP INFLUENCE INCLUDES BUT IS
NOT LIMITED TO:
1. Leadership
2. Management
3. Public Speaking
4. Hosting / Entertaining
5. Introducing And Working With New Groups
6. Any Other Category You Could Possibly Think Of
Where There Is Any Group Of People
16 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
LEADERSHIP:
Group influence is a crucial aspect of leadership. Here
are some examples of how group influence applies to leadership:
Building consensus: Leaders often need to build consensus
within a group in order to achieve a common goal. This
requires the leader to influence the group by encouraging dialogue,
addressing concerns, and finding common ground.
What do you think it took for the founding fathers to
bring the thirteen colonies together to declare independence,
commit treason punishable by death, and take on the
greatest fighting force the world had ever seen by signing the
Declaration of Independence on July 4th, 1776?
Inspiring and motivating: Leaders need to inspire and
motivate their teams to achieve success. This requires the
leader to influence the group by setting a clear vision, articulating
goals, and demonstrating their own commitment to
success.
How many people do you think could have done what
Herb Brooks did to create the greatest upset in the history of
organized sports by aligning and inspiring college hockey
players to defeat the greatest hockey power the world had
ever seen, the Soviets, in the 1980 Miracle on Ice?
Encouraging innovation: Leaders often need to encourage
innovation within a group in order to achieve breakthrough
results. This requires the leader to influence the
group by creating a supportive environment for creativity
and risk-taking, and by providing resources and support for
experimentation.
How about Bill Gates and IBM?
GROUP INFLUENCE 17
Promoting diversity and inclusion: Leaders need to promote
diversity and inclusion within their teams in order to
achieve better results. This requires the leader to influence
the group by creating a culture that values and respects differences,
and by encouraging open communication and collaboration.
MLK, Mother Teresa, Helen Keller, and Nelson Mandela
anyone?
Managing conflict: Leaders often need to manage conflict
within their teams in order to maintain productivity and cohesion.
This requires the leader to influence the group by
providing guidance and support, promoting active listening
and understanding, and finding solutions that meet the
needs of all parties.
Thank you, Abraham Lincoln, for saving and transforming
America.
Overall, group influence is a key component of effective
leadership. By building consensus, inspiring and motivating,
encouraging innovation, promoting diversity and inclusion,
and managing conflict, leaders can create a positive and productive
environment for their teams and achieve success.
How does Mickey Mouse keep all of the Disney princesses
from pulling each other’s hair out?
MANAGEMENT:
Group influence is also an important aspect of management.
Here are some examples of how group influence applies
to management:
Creating a positive work environment: Managers need to
influence the group by creating a positive work environment
18 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
that promotes productivity, creativity, and job satisfaction.
This requires the manager to listen to employee feedback,
foster open communication, and promote teamwork.
Vince McMahon and the WWE? Those good guys and bad
guys certainly worked together to build an 8-billion-dollar
empire.
Setting performance expectations: Managers need to influence
the group by setting clear performance expectations
that align with the organization's goals. This requires the
manager to communicate expectations effectively, provide
feedback and coaching, and recognize and reward performance.
Do you know why Bruce Springsteen believes the E
Street Band was the greatest performing live act in rock history?
Because he made them.
Managing change: Managers need to influence the group
by managing change effectively. This requires the manager
to communicate the need for change, address concerns and
resistance, and support employees through the transition.
George Washington saved America when he convinced
the fledgling unpaid United States military not to revolt and
destroy the capital.
Developing talent: Managers need to influence the group
by developing talent and building skills within the organization.
This requires the manager to identify employee
strengths and weaknesses, provide training and development
opportunities, and offer career development support.
How about Batman and the Justice League?
Fostering collaboration: Managers need to influence the
group by fostering collaboration and teamwork. This
GROUP INFLUENCE 19
requires the manager to encourage open communication,
promote knowledge sharing, and facilitate cooperation between
team members.
Perhaps this was Frank Sinatra and the Rat Pack until
they were fighting over women?
Overall, group influence is an essential aspect of effective
management. By creating a positive work environment, setting
performance expectations, managing change, developing
talent, and fostering collaboration, managers can
promote productivity, job satisfaction, and organizational
success.
McDonald’s was even able to keep Warren Buffett as a
client after all these years.
PUBLIC SPEAKING:
Group influence is also important in public speaking.
Here are some examples of how group influence applies to
public speaking:
Engaging the audience: Public speakers need to influence
the group by engaging the audience and capturing their
attention. This requires the speaker to use storytelling, humor,
and other techniques to connect with the audience and
create a memorable experience.
Do you have a dream? MLK certainly did.
Conveying a clear message: Public speakers need to influence
the group by conveying a clear message that resonates
with the audience. This requires the speaker to use
language that is clear and concise, and to organize the content
in a logical and compelling way.
Malcolm X was not confused about where he stood.
20 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
Establishing credibility: Public speakers need to influence
the group by establishing credibility and expertise in
their subject matter. This requires the speaker to provide evidence
and examples to support their claims, and to use language
that demonstrates their knowledge and experience.
The Apostles were not confused as they went from 11,
Judas did not quite make it, to 2.2 billion Christians.
Creating a call to action: Public speakers need to influence
the group by creating a call to action that inspires the
audience to take action or change their behavior. This requires
the speaker to provide a clear and compelling reason
for the audience to take action, and to provide actionable
steps that the audience can take.
Tony Robbins? Are you kidding me? The dude gets people
to walk on fire…and pay him meaningfully to do it.
Building rapport with the audience: Public speakers
need to influence the group by building rapport with the audience.
This requires the speaker to be authentic, show empathy,
and connect with the audience on a personal level.
People don't care how much you know until they know
how much you care.
Overall, group influence is an important aspect of public
speaking. By engaging the audience, conveying a clear message,
establishing credibility, creating a call to action, and
building rapport with the audience, public speakers can create
a memorable and impactful experience for their listeners.
How did that Sean Callagy guy shatter sales records from
Tony Robbins’ stage?
GROUP INFLUENCE 21
HOSTING / ENTERTAINING:
Group influence is also important when hosting or entertaining.
Here are some examples of how group influence applies
to hosting/entertaining:
Creating a welcoming atmosphere: Hosts need to influence
the group by creating a welcoming atmosphere that
makes guests feel comfortable and at home. This requires
the host to greet guests warmly, provide refreshments and
entertainment, and introduce guests to each other.
Tink, a living nativity scene, really?
Promoting conversation and interaction: Hosts need to
influence the group by promoting conversation and interaction
between guests. This requires the host to facilitate introductions,
provide ice-breaker activities, and encourage
guests to mingle and socialize.
Have you met Tink’s pal, Ebenezer Scrooge?
Setting the tone and mood: Hosts need to influence the
group by setting the tone and mood of the event. This requires
the host to select appropriate music, decorations, and
activities that align with the theme and mood of the event.
Or maybe, just have it snow inside.
Managing conflicts and issues: Hosts need to influence
the group by managing conflicts and issues that arise during
the event. This requires the host to address issues promptly,
discreetly, and professionally, and to ensure that all guests
feel comfortable and respected.
Adam Gugino often had to do this as women fought over
him in the New Jersey club scene, leading to him almost becoming
a reality television star.
22 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
Creating a memorable experience: Hosts need to influence
the group by creating a memorable experience that
guests will enjoy and remember. This requires the host to
provide unique and memorable activities, entertainment,
and experiences that leave a lasting impression on the
guests.
Tink, little people, is that actually still legal?
Overall, group influence is an important aspect of hosting
and entertaining. By creating a welcoming atmosphere,
promoting conversation and interaction, setting the tone
and mood, managing conflicts and issues, and creating a
memorable experience, hosts can ensure that guests have a
positive and enjoyable experience.
See you at next year’s Unblinded and Callagy Law Christmas
and Holiday Party.
INTRODUCING AND WORKING WITH NEW
GROUPS:
Group influence is also important when introducing and
working with new groups. Here are some examples of how
group influence applies to introducing and working with
new groups:
Building relationships: When working with new groups,
it is important to build relationships with the members. This
requires the individual to introduce themselves, show interest
in the group and its members, and ask questions to get to
know them better.
Willy Wonka always integrated with the Oompa
Loompas.
GROUP INFLUENCE 23
Demonstrating expertise: When working with new
groups, it is important to demonstrate expertise in the subject
matter or field. This requires the individual to share
their knowledge, experience, and credentials, and to provide
examples of their work or accomplishments.
The perfect example of this is Fernando Valencia teaching
people how to do their hair.
Providing value: When working with new groups, it is
important to provide value to the members. This requires
the individual to understand the needs and goals of the
group, and to provide solutions or resources that can help
them achieve their objectives.
Derek Jeter was captain of the New York Yankees not because
he had the best personal stats, but because he caused
his team to win championships.
Building trust: When working with new groups, it is important
to build trust with the members. This requires the
individual to be honest, transparent, and reliable, and to follow
through on commitments and promises.
Perhaps Adam Gugino causing everyone to jump into ice
baths right before Leigh Steinberg’s Super Bowl Party is a
prime example of this.
Communicating effectively: When working with new
groups, it is important to communicate effectively with the
members. This requires the individual to use clear and concise
language, active listening skills, and the appropriate
tone and body language to convey their message.
Bugs Bunny does this. Daffy Duck does not.
Overall, group influence is an important aspect of introducing
and working with new groups. By building
24 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
relationships, demonstrating expertise, providing value,
building trust, and communicating effectively, individuals
can establish themselves as credible and valuable members
of the group, and make a positive impact on its success.
OTHER CATEGORIES:
Some other examples of how group influence can apply
in different areas:
Marketing: In marketing, group influence can be leveraged
by using social proof, testimonials, and endorsements
from influencers to influence purchasing decisions and create
a sense of community around a Heroic Unique Identity.
Social media: On social media, group influence can be
seen in the form of likes, shares, and comments. Social media
algorithms also use group influence to promote content that
is popular or trending among a user's social network.
Can you believe that Rob Gill is now a social media influencer?
The dude was afraid to shoot a single video when I
met him?
Politics: In politics, group influence can be used to mobilize
voters, influence public opinion, and rally support for a
candidate or cause. This can be achieved through grassroots
organizing, social media campaigns, and strategic messaging.
No one knew who Barack Obama was, and then he was
elected to the most powerful position on the planet Earth.
Education: In education, group influence can be used to
promote learning and encourage participation. This can be
achieved through group projects, collaborative learning, and
peer mentoring.
GROUP INFLUENCE 25
Oh wait, isn’t this what Unblinded is?
Sports: In sports, group influence can be used to build
team cohesion, motivate athletes, and create a sense of camaraderie
among teammates. This can be achieved through
team-building exercises, shared goals, and a sense of shared
responsibility for success.
Without doing this on the court for six NBA titles, Michael
Jordan doesn’t get the 1.3 billion dollars from Nike.
Overall, group influence is a powerful tool that can be
leveraged in a variety of contexts to achieve different goals
and outcomes. By understanding how group influence works
and how it can be applied, individuals and organizations can
maximize their potential for success.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
GROUP INFLUENCE:
1. What is Group Influence?
2. Why does Group Influence Matter so much and
how would you quantify its value?
3. If you do not master Group Influence, what is it
costing you?
26 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
4. If you master Group Influence and are not deploying
it, what is it costing you and how does it cost
you now and for the rest of your life?
5. Name 5 famous examples of Group Influence that
powerfully inspire you from nonfiction.
6. Name 5 Examples of Group Influence from fiction
that powerfully inspire you.
7. Name 5 Examples of Group Influence of people you
know personally and the effect their group influence
has had on their own lives and the lives of others.
8. What are your commitments around your own
Group Influence mastery?
GROUP INFLUENCE 27
9. How committed are you to 20x your Group Influence
now?
Chapter 2:
__________________________________
Modeling The Greatest
“Success leaves clues,” says Tony Robbins.
What does this mean?
It means do what works, do not reinvent the wheel, but
rather conserve massive amounts of time and energy.
Thus, who is the most masterful at Group Influence, and
what do they have in common?
Muhammad Ali, Oprah Winfrey, Malcolm X, Bruce
Springsteen, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Tony Robbins, Gerry
Spence, Willy Wonka, Robin Williams, Batman, high school
coaches of mine like Larry Ennis, Dennis Slezak, Stan Woods,
and Tom Faloto, amongst others have all formed the basis of
the Group Influence model of the Unblinded Formula.
All of these people have had tremendous success in causing
Group Influence from world to National, to state, and local
levels.
Who else would you model?
Modeling is: identifying individuals or even fictional
characters who embody the characteristics, values, and beliefs
we wish to emulate. This journey is not about replicating
someone else's life or success, but rather, it's about
adopting their best attributes to empower our own growth.
GROUP INFLUENCE 29
We have identified the greatest people from the real
world that you do not know, your greatest fictional characters,
and the greatest people you do know in group influence.
Simply put, Modeling is the process of following the optimal
formula (a.k.a. recipe) based on the people who have
produced the outcome at the level and efficiency which you
are seeking.
The first step is to determine what the specific “outcome”
is that you are trying to achieve. What is an outcome?
It is a result that is written, specific, numerical, and can be
measured and monitored for the purpose of determining
conditions of success, optimizing processes and strategies,
and celebrating.
The second step is finding an “expert” in that field, i.e.,
someone who has done exactly what you are trying to do.
The third step is to find out what they did and duplicate
their process (i.e., get their recipe). If you are using a recipe,
you have to follow the exact recipe to produce the exact same
result. If you deviate from the recipe, you produce a different
result – sometimes better, sometimes worse.
Do not change the process until you are sure you have
mastered it.
The failure to adhere to the process results in a false belief
that the process does not work. If you do not follow the
recipe (i.e., miss or skip ingredients), you cannot say the
product is awful.
The fourth step is to take massive zone action using that
set process.
30 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
MODELING THE GREATEST:
We can learn from Batman's dedication to justice and his
unwavering commitment to his mission, despite facing adversity.
Or we can draw inspiration from Bruce Springsteen's
work ethic and his ability to connect with audiences through
authentic storytelling.
We must first open our hearts to the possibility of personal
transformation and then develop the framework
within the Formula to bring it to life.
When selecting masters to model, remember that no one
is perfect. It's important to recognize that you can appreciate
and learn from certain aspects of a person or character without
necessarily endorsing everything they stand for. Be discerning
and select the qualities that resonate most with you
and your goals.
For instance, you might admire Muhammad Ali for his
unshakable self-confidence and ability to stand up for his beliefs,
or Coach Herb Brooks for his leadership and ability to
inspire a diverse group of individuals to come together as a
cohesive unit.
Consider Modeling different individuals for various areas
of your life. You may admire one person for their business
acumen, such as Oprah Winfrey, who built a media
empire through perseverance, vision, and a commitment to
empowering others. Or you might be inspired by someone
like Tony Robbins for his emotional intelligence and ability
to help people break through limiting beliefs.
GROUP INFLUENCE 31
By drawing inspiration from multiple sources, you can
create a rich tapestry of attributes that will guide you on
your path to mastery.
Once you have identified the Masters you choose to
model, begin to explore their beliefs and actions. What are
the core principles that guide their decision-making? How
do they approach challenges, and what habits or rituals have
they adopted to maintain their focus and motivation? What
habits have they formed and what precise actions do they
take to reach their masterful skill sets? By understanding
these elements, you can begin to integrate them into your
own life.
For example, Jay Abraham, a renowned marketing strategist,
has a deep understanding of the principle of leverage
and is known for finding innovative ways to create value for
businesses. By studying his thought process and approach,
you can gain insights into developing creative marketing
strategies for your own endeavors.
Another example is Abraham Lincoln, who demonstrated
great empathy, humility, and a commitment to unity
in the face of division. By embodying these values, you can
cultivate stronger relationships and foster collaboration in
your personal and professional life.
Remember, the key to successful Modeling is to transform
these insights into actionable steps. For instance, if you
want to develop the same intellectual curiosity as Albert Einstein,
dedicate time each day to reading, attending seminars,
or engaging in other educational activities.
In relation to Group Influence, when individuals see
someone they respect or admire behaving in a particular
way, they are more likely to imitate that behavior
32 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
themselves. This can be particularly effective in group contexts,
where social norms and expectations can have a strong
influence on individual behavior.
Modeling can be used in a variety of ways to influence
group behavior. For example, a leader might model positive
behaviors such as punctuality, hard work, and cooperation
in order to set a positive example for others. Alternatively,
group members might model behaviors such as active listening,
empathy, and openness in order to create a more positive
and supportive group dynamic.
LET’S CHECK IN FOR A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
MODELING:
1. What is modeling?
2. Why is modeling so valuable?
3. What is deletion, distortion, and dilution and why
are they the destroyers of modeling?
4. How do you optimally bring modeling into actualization?
GROUP INFLUENCE 33
5. What is the relationship between group influence
and modeling?
Chapter 3.
__________________________________
What If There Is a Formula For Modeling
Group Influence?
Influence Mastery: How Do You Go From “Hello” to “Yes”
With Integrity?
Nothing has ever been created between two humans
without a “yes.”
Thus, our ability to cause “yes,” with integrity, in a world
where everyone wants to say “no” is incomprehensibly indispensable.
The masterful creation of “yes” looks like magic, but is
actually an advanced science.
Everything begins after “yes.”
Before we dive in, let's take a moment to appreciate the
limitless potential of influence. Unlike other goals and
achievements, influence has no upper bounds. It is an infinite
resource that has shaped the lives and legacies of the world's
greatest leaders, such as Oprah Winfrey, Tony Robbins, Dr.
Martin Luther King Jr., and Jesus Christ.
These influential figures have one thing in common: they
wielded their influence with integrity. And so, in our journey
together, we'll explore how to harness the power of group
influence in a way that's transparent, heart-centered, and focused
on creating a lasting, positive impact on others.
Our Integrity Based Human Influence model has four
steps, 12 indispensable elements, and four energies. Let's
begin by exploring the four steps in order.
GROUP INFLUENCE 35
Step 1: Building Emotional Rapport: The foundation of influence
is connecting with others on a deep, emotional level.
This is where we forge meaningful relationships that serve
as the bedrock for our influence. Remember, people are
drawn to those who make them feel seen, heard, and understood.
Step 2: Truth to Pain and Yes Strategy: Every individual has
pain points – unmet needs, desires, or challenges. In this
step, we explore the truth and those pain points and create
strategies that address them in a way that empowers others
to say "yes" to our ideas and initiatives.
Step 3: Creating and Conveying Your Heroic Unique Identity:
Each of us has a unique story to tell, and it's essential to share
that story authentically. By doing so, we create a heroic identity
that others are drawn to, making our influence even
more impactful.
Step 4: Agreement Formation: The final step in our journey
within the four steps is forming agreements with others,
built on trust and mutual benefit. This is where our influence
truly shines, allowing us to create lasting, positive change.
The four steps, however, are robotic and meaningless
without two other vital components of Integrity Based Human
Influence.
Accordingly, the second piece is the 12 Indispensable Elements
that are flowing through your optimal use of the four
steps.
Now, let's explore the 12 Indispensable Elements of Influence
Mastery. Use the acronym S.M.A.L.L.E.R. Q.V.C.C.C. to
remember these elements, which should be present
throughout the four steps:
36 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
Integrous Scarcity: Value is often derived from scarcity. Emphasize
the unique, limited nature of your offerings to encourage
others to take action.
Matching & Mirroring: Connect with others by reflecting
their verbal and nonverbal cues, creating a sense of rapport
and trust.
Acknowledgement: Recognize and appreciate the thoughts,
feelings, and actions of others. It should be deep and authentic
and show the other person that you see them, you hear
them, and what they say matters to you. Make sure that the
acknowledgement is received.
Level 5 Transformational Listening: Truly listen to others,
not just to respond, but to understand their perspective and
emotions.
Unconditional Love With Boundaries for All People: Approach
everyone with love and compassion, while also maintaining
healthy boundaries. Everything a person does is an
act of love or a cry for help.
Emotional and Energetic Transference: Share your positive
emotions and energy with others, creating a contagious atmosphere
of enthusiasm and motivation.
Reciprocity: Create a sense of mutual giving and receiving,
where both parties benefit from the relationship.
Question Mastery (Power of Questions): Ask thoughtful,
open-ended questions that encourage others to share their
experiences and insights.
Validation: Affirm the emotions, experiences, and perspectives
of others, creating an environment of trust and safety.
GROUP INFLUENCE 37
Congruence: Ensure your words, actions, and intentions
align, demonstrating authenticity and reliability.
Context: Frame situations and information in a way that
highlights the value and relevance to others.
Contrast: Highlight the differences between options, emphasizing
the benefits and desirability of your preferred choice.
Now that we've covered the Four Steps and 12 Indispensable
Elements, let's delve into the Four Energies of Integrity
Based Human Influence. These energies should be varied
and displayed throughout your interactions with others:
Fun: Bring a sense of playfulness and humor to your interactions.
This energy lightens the atmosphere and makes people
feel at ease in your presence. Fun is exciting and
energized, true and truth revealing. Fun Energy can have the
element of surprise or unexpectedness. Fun energy is certain.
Aspirational: Inspire others by sharing your vision and passion.
This energy motivates people to strive for greatness
and join you on your journey. Aspirational Energy has future
vision and takes someone with you to that higher place.
Goddess: Embody warmth, nurturing, and empathy. This energy
creates a safe space for others to open up and connect
with you on a deeper level. It is flowing and light, loving and
heart-centered.
Zeus: Display confidence, decisiveness, certainty, and
strength. This energy commands respect and trust, demonstrating
your ability to lead and make tough decisions.
Now that we've explored the foundations of Influence
Mastery, remember to practice these, lock these in and truly
38 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
model them in order to rise in your Integrous Influence Mastery
and Integrous Group Influence Mastery.
By understanding the dynamics of group behavior and
using Integrous Group Influence Mastery, individuals can
leverage the power of group dynamics to achieve shared
goals and objectives.
Remember, the true measure of Influence Mastery lies
not in the number of followers or accolades we accumulate,
but in the positive impact we create in the lives of others. By
committing to the principles of Integrity Based Human Influence,
you are choosing to be a force for good in the world,
empowering those around you to achieve greatness and
leaving a lasting, beautiful legacy.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
MODELING GROUP INFLUENCE:
1. Is Influence a part of modeling?
2. What are the three components of going from Hello
to Yes with Group Influence?
3. What are the Four steps of Group Influence to go
from Hello to Yes?
GROUP INFLUENCE 39
4. What are the 12 Indispensable Elements of Group
Influence?
5. What are the Four Energies of Group Influence?
Chapter 4:
__________________________________
Which Of The Twenty To Begin With: Energetic
Transference With Congruence And
Integrous Scarcity
No energetic transference, nothing happens.
Remembering that Influence is the ability to transfer an
idea from your mind, heart, and soul to someone else’s mind,
heart, and soul have them receive it, understand it, and act
upon it due to energetic transference, lets truly begin to explore
the indispensable element of Emotional and Energetic
Transference and why it is vital to master.
This indispensable element is about sharing your emotions
and energy with others, creating a contagious atmosphere
where that energy is received and transfused into the
other person.
When your energy is received, knowingness and certainty
become disrupted, and potentially action is forwarded
toward the outcome.
Energetic Transference, when congruent, can help to
create a sense of shared purpose and alignment within the
group. When individuals share a common goal or vision, and
are enthusiastic and motivated about achieving it, it can create
a sense of unity and collaboration that can help the group
to overcome obstacles and achieve success.
The indispensable element of Congruence is about the
alignment of your words, vocal qualities, and body language,
GROUP INFLUENCE 41
demonstrating authenticity and reliability. Our alignment or
lack thereof creates or destroys our influence.
Overall, congruence is important for Group Influence because
it builds trust, enhances credibility, makes your message
more memorable, and increases persuasion. By
ensuring that your verbal and nonverbal communication are
aligned, you can increase your influence and achieve your
goals more effectively.
Now, let’s examine the indispensable element of Integrous
Scarcity.
Remembering that value is often derived from scarcity,
emphasize the unique, limited nature of your offerings to encourage
others to take action. Integrous Scarcity in Group Influence
involves using scarcity as a motivator, but doing so
in a way that is honest, transparent, and fair.
For integrous scarcity to be present, there must be no
“chase energy.” Rather, it is about preference without attachment.
When we are approaching individuals or groups, it is key
to remember that they exist in the pattern of the “default no”
which must be integrously disrupted. This is akin to a scared
deer.
Always be transparent and truthful, in absolute integrity,
with love and respect, proverbially holding their hand to
slowly guide them to the most optimal and integrous outcome.
42 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
ENERGETIC TRANSFERENCE WITH CONGRUENCE
AND INTEGROUS SCARCITY:
1. What is the relationship between Influence and Energetic
Transference?
2. Where is your current level of Energetic Transference?
3. What are the elements of optimizing your Energetic
Transference?
4. What is congruence and how does it relate to certainty?
5. Where is your current level of congruence in your
public speaking?
GROUP INFLUENCE 43
6. How can you optimize by 20x now?
7. How will you commit to actualizing that growth?
8. What is Integrous Scarcity?
9. Where is your current level of Integrous Scarcity in
your speaking?
10. How can you optimize that by 20x?
11. How are you committed to actualizing?
Chapter 5:
__________________________________
The Four Energies
Robin Williams
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Snow White
Muhammad Ali
Each of these people beautifully represents Fun, Aspirational,
Goddess, and Zeus Energy in sequence.
The key to The 4 Energies is the understanding that Influence
Mastery takes place when there is a variance of our
energies authentically, fluidly, fluently, and congruently, as
well as bringing those out in the people we are connecting
and communicating with.
1. FUN
The primary use of Fun Energy is to make others smile,
create memories, and share light-hearted enjoyment and
pleasure. Fun is the secret ingredient. It can be used on most
occasions (when congruent). It’s a beautiful way to show a
new side of you, a side that shows vulnerability and humility.
Step 1 of The 4 Steps, which is “Building Emotional Rapport,”
is a great time to use this energy. It will create confidence
and allow others around you to show other sides of themselves
as well. An example of Fun Energy could be bringing
leprechauns and Irish dancers to a work event to celebrate
GROUP INFLUENCE 45
Saint Patrick’s Day, or inviting mermaids to a beach party in
Long Beach Island.
2. ASPIRATIONAL/INSPIRATIONAL
The outcome of this energy is to take people to a higher
vibrational place, a place of their dreams and where they can
practically reach those dreams. The primary use of this energy
is to inspire, create possibility, and have others “see
their future in you.” An access point when using this energy
is during Step 3, which is “Creating And Conveying Your Heroic
Unique Identity.” Gandhi’s famous quote, "Be the change
you wish to see in the world," is an example of aspirational
energy he used to inspire others to action. Gandhi's leadership
and aspirational energy played a significant role in India's
eventual independence from British rule.
3. GODDESS
The primary use of Goddess Energy is to love, to empathize,
and to share your Level 5 Listening with compassion.
Goddess Energy is light, nurturing, and flowing. This energy
can be most optimal in practicing the indispensable elements
of acknowledgement and validation. An example of
this energy can be, “David, I’m beyond grateful for all the attention
you’ve given to the Samson case. I rest so easily at
night knowing your diligence is present there. Thank you for
protecting my business and my family through your relentless
hard work and unwavering attention to detail.”
4. ZEUS
The primary use of this energy is to decide, to choose, to
disrupt, and to formulate agreement. Zeus energy is strong,
46 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
certain and resolved. Although all energies must be varied
throughout the 4 steps, Zeus energy is exceptional when in
“Agreement Formation.” An example of Zeus energy would
be “Nick, I am ready to dive to my personal record depth of
one hundred feet today and I am not the slightest bit deterred
by the 800lb sharks in the water.”
Overall, energy variance is crucial for group influence, as
it can help to drive positive change, stimulate creativity and
innovation, and create a sense of dynamic cohesion and momentum
within the group. By managing energy variance effectively,
groups can leverage the diverse skills and
perspectives of their members to achieve their shared goals
and objectives.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
THE FOUR ENERGIES:
1. What are the four energies?
2. Why are the four energies an integral part of Integrous
Group Influence?
3. Which energy or energies are necessary for confronts?
GROUP INFLUENCE 47
4. Which energy is flowing and light?
5. Why is it necessary to master all four energies and
not just one?
6. Where are you on the scale of mastery in relation to
the four energies?
7. Where can you rise 20x in your mastery of the four
energies?
8. How committed are you to rising your mastery
within the four energies?
Chapter 6:
__________________________________
Loving Everyone Unconditionally With
Boundaries And Goddess Energy
What if we have no enemies and hate no one?
What if we actually love our neighbor as we love ourselves?
Only from this place can we authentically and integrously
cause people to feel seen, heard, and truly understood.
Is unconditional love actually possible?
Yes.
Love is a critical element of Group Influence because it
drives the integrity of the process. We must, with boundaries,
love everyone. The beginning of the ability to love everyone
is recognizing that everything people do is either a cry
for help or an act of love.
We define love as presence, curiosity, and non-judgmental,
presence being that you listen deeply with whoever you
are in communication with, blocking out all the noise and
distraction in your mind and around you. Being curious
about who you’re talking to will lead to others sharing more
unique elements about themselves. Lastly, is being nonjudgmental.
When people share their pain and vulnerability,
we may not always agree with what is being said. Truly loving
people is creating that space of comfort so that others can
share honestly.
GROUP INFLUENCE 49
Everything is an act of love or a cry for help.
A cry for help occurs when someone is not having their
needs met.
Overall, loving everyone unconditionally with boundaries
is key for group influence, as it creates a positive and
supportive group dynamic that encourages open communication,
collaboration, and growth. By cultivating this type of
environment, groups can achieve their shared goals and objectives
more effectively, and can create a more positive and
fulfilling experience for all members.
The primary use of Goddess Energy is to love, to empathize,
show compassion, and to share your Level 5 Listening.
Goddess energy can be most optimal in practicing
the indispensable elements of acknowledgement and validation
for example.
When dealing with difficult confronts, it is critical to
use not only powerful and resolved Zeus Energy, but also
to be able to drop into Goddess Energy effectively and efficiently
so that you drop back into your heart with love
and empathy for the individual.
Confronts are part of Loving Everyone Unconditionally
With Boundaries. We often refer to these as “carefronts.”
No matter what has transpired, confronts should
always be done using the ERPD method, with Empathy,
Precision, Respect, and Directness. Confronting with
ERPD is key to maintaining boundaries and Goddess Energy
is a key piece of this, along with strong and decisive
Zeus energy.
50 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
Overall, goddess energy can be an important aspect of
Group Influence, as it emphasizes qualities such as nurturing,
compassion, intuition, and creativity that can create a
positive and supportive group dynamic. By leveraging
these qualities effectively, individuals can inspire and influence
others toward positive change and achieve their
shared goals and objectives.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
LOVING PEOPLE UNCONDITIONALLY WITH
BOUNDARIES AND GODDESS ENERGY:
1. What does it mean to love people unconditionally
with boundaries?
2. Must we love even those who have hurt us and even
stolen from us?
3. Does loving everyone unconditionally even include
people like criminals and murderers? Why?
4. What is Goddess Energy?
GROUP INFLUENCE 51
5. Why is it important to master Goddess Energy?
6. In which situations is it best to employ our mastery
of Goddess Energy? Why?
7. How would you rate your mastery of loving people
unconditionally with boundaries?
8. How committed are you to rising in your mastery to
20x your mastery of loving everyone unconditionally
with boundaries?
9. How would you rate your mastery of Goddess Energy?
10. How committed are you to rising in your mastery to
20x your mastery of Goddess Energy?
Chapter 7:
__________________________________
Aspirational Energy
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. had a dream.
And so do you…and so does everyone.
Without a vision, our dreams will perish.
The outcome of Aspirational Energy is to take people to
a higher vibrational place, a place of their dreams and where
they can practically reach those dreams. The primary use of
this energy is to inspire, create possibility, and have others
“see their future in you.” An access point when using this energy
is during Step 3, which is “conveying your Heroic
Unique Identity.” An example of this energy would be Dr.
Martin Luther King, Jr.’s “I Have a Dream” speech.
Aspirational Energy is important to Group Influence for several
reasons:
Motivation: Aspirational Energy provides motivation to
achieve our goals and aspirations. It helps us to stay focused
and driven toward our desired outcomes, even when we face
obstacles or setbacks.
Growth: Aspirational Energy encourages personal growth
and development. It helps us to step out of our comfort
zones, try new things, and develop new skills and abilities.
Inspiration: Aspirational Energy inspires us to think bigger
and dream bigger. It encourages us to envision a better future
for ourselves and others, and to take action to bring that
vision to life.
GROUP INFLUENCE 53
Resilience: Aspirational Energy helps us to bounce back
from failure or disappointment. It gives us the strength and
determination to keep moving forward, even in the face of
adversity.
Community: Aspirational Energy can be contagious, inspiring
others to pursue their own goals and aspirations. This
can create a sense of community and shared purpose, bringing
people together around a common vision for the future.
In short, Aspirational Energy is important for Group Influence
because it fuels our ambitions, expands our horizons,
and empowers us to create a better world for ourselves and
those around us. It's the spark that ignites our potential and
propels us toward our greatest aspirations.
Here are a few examples of famous individuals who have embodied
Aspirational Energy in their lives and careers:
Elon Musk: Elon Musk is an entrepreneur and innovator who
has founded several successful companies, including Tesla,
SpaceX, and The Boring Company. He is known for his vision
of a future that is powered by sustainable energy and for his
commitment to advancing human exploration and colonization
of space.
Nelson Mandela: Nelson Mandela was a South African antiapartheid
revolutionary and political leader who served as
the country's first black president from 1994 to 1999. He is
known for his commitment to justice, equality, and reconciliation,
and for his unwavering determination to end apartheid
in South Africa.
Serena Williams: Serena Williams is a professional tennis
player who is widely regarded as one of the greatest athletes
of all time. She has overcome numerous challenges and setbacks
throughout her career, including injury and illness,
54 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
and has inspired millions of people around the world with
her dedication, resilience, and passion for the sport.
Oprah Winfrey: Oprah Winfrey is a media mogul, philanthropist,
and actress who has become one of the most influential
and inspirational figures of our time. She has overcome a
challenging childhood and numerous obstacles to become
one of the most successful women in media, and has inspired
millions of people around the world with her message of empowerment
and self-improvement.
Mahatma Gandhi: Mahatma Gandhi was an Indian independence
activist and political leader who is known for his philosophy
of nonviolent resistance. He inspired millions of
people around the world with his commitment to justice,
equality, and peace, and his message of nonviolent protest
has inspired numerous social justice movements over the
years.
These individuals have all embodied Aspirational Energy
in their lives and careers, inspiring millions of people
around the world to dream big, work hard, and pursue their
passions with courage and determination. They serve as
powerful role models for anyone seeking to make a positive
impact in the world and to achieve their own goals and aspirations.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
ASPIRATIONAL ENERGY:
1. What is Aspirational Energy?
GROUP INFLUENCE 55
2. When is it best to employ Aspirational Energy in Integrous
Group Influence?
3. What do we risk losing if we do not master Aspirational
Energy?
4. Who are some individuals both fictional and nonfictional
who have mastered Aspirational Energy?
5. What would you rate your current mastery of Aspirational
Energy?
6. How committed are you to rising in your mastery of
Aspirational Energy to 20x your current level of
mastery?
Chapter 8:
__________________________________
Zeus Energy
Who decides?
You decide.
Who decides?
You decide.
The primary use of Zeus Energy is to decide, to choose,
to disrupt, and to formulate agreement. Although all energies
must be varied throughout the 4 steps, Zeus Energy is
exceptional when in “Agreement Formation.”
Zeus Energy displays confidence, decisiveness, certainty,
and strength. This energy commands respect and trust,
demonstrating your ability to lead and make tough decisions.
Instances in business in which Zeus Energy is necessary are
below.
Crisis management: In times of crisis or emergency, it may
be necessary to use Zeus Energy to take charge and make
quick decisions. This can help to minimize damage and ensure
the safety and well-being of employees and customers.
Negotiating with other businesses: When negotiating with
other businesses, it may be necessary to use Zeus Energy to
assert your position and negotiate from a position of
strength. This can help to secure favorable deals and
GROUP INFLUENCE 57
partnerships that are fair, integrous, and mutually beneficial
as opposed to one-sided or non-integrous.
Enforcing policies and procedures: In situations where policies
or procedures are not being followed, it may be necessary
to use Zeus Energy to enforce rules and regulations.
This can help to ensure consistency and fairness in the workplace.
It's important to note that the use of Zeus Energy should
be balanced with the other three energies, Goddess, Aspirational,
and Fun energy. The ability to drop into each of the
four energies is an absolutely necessary piece of mastering
Integrous Group Influence.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
ZEUS ENERGY:
1. What is Zeus Energy?
2. Why is Zeus Energy crucial for Integrous Group Influence?
3. In what situations is it best to tap into our mastery
of Zeus Energy?
58 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
4. What do we risk losing if we do not master dropping
into Zeus Energy?
5. What individuals, both fictional and nonfictional,
do you know of who are true masters of Zeus Energy?
6. At what times is it necessary to employ both Zeus
and Goddess Energy together?
7. What would you rate your current mastery of Zeus
Energy?
8. How committed are you to rising in your mastery of
Zeus Energy in order to 20x your current level of
mastery?
Chapter 9:
__________________________________
Fun Energy
Fun Energy opens listening.
Robin Williams, Bugs Bunny, Willy Wonka, Ellen De-
Generes, and any other person of influence who understands
that fun energy is truthful, light, and unexpected has mastery
of this energy.
The primary use of Fun Energy is to connect, make others
smile, create memories, and get a good laugh with people.
Fun is the secret ingredient. It can be used on most
occasions (when congruent). It’s a beautiful way to show a
new side of you, a side that shows vulnerability and humility.
Step 1 of The 4 Steps, which is “Building Emotional Rapport”,
is a great time to use this energy. It will create confidence
and allow others around you to show other sides as well.
Bring a sense of playfulness and humor to your interactions.
This energy lightens the atmosphere and makes people
feel at ease in your presence. Fun is exciting and
energized, true and truth-revealing. Fun Energy can have the
element of surprise or unexpectedness. Fun energy is certain.
Fun is about embracing the joy and wonder of life. Success
is not just about working hard – it's also about enjoying
the journey and celebrating the milestones along the way. By
infusing fun and magic into every aspect of your life, you'll
create an environment that attracts success, happiness, and
abundance.
60 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
There is a reason that Fun and Magic has its own lever in
the Seven Levers of Marketing and Sales Process Mastery,
within the Formula. Having fun and enjoying the process
must be fully present throughout the process of Group Influence
and all parts of the Formula.
Fun energy is important for influence because it can create
a positive and engaging environment that encourages
participation, creativity, and innovation. When individuals
are having fun and enjoying themselves, they are more likely
to be open to new ideas and perspectives, and more willing
to take risks and try new things.
Here are some ways that fun energy can be important for
Group Influence:
Engagement and participation: When individuals are
having fun and enjoying themselves, they are more likely to
be engaged and actively participate. This can create a more
collaborative and productive group dynamic, making it easier
to integrously influence others and achieve shared goals
and objectives.
Creativity and innovation: Fun energy can also stimulate
creativity and innovation, as individuals are more likely to
think outside the box and come up with new and unconventional
ideas. This can be particularly useful in situations
where a creative or unconventional solution is needed to
overcome a challenge or achieve a goal.
Positive attitude and motivation: Fun energy can create
a positive attitude and motivation within the group, as individuals
are more likely to feel inspired and motivated to
work toward shared goals and objectives. This can create a
sense of momentum and excitement, making it easier to influence
others and achieve positive change within the group.
GROUP INFLUENCE 61
Building relationships: Fun energy can also be a powerful
tool for building relationships and fostering a sense of
connection and camaraderie within the group. By engaging
in fun and enjoyable activities together, individuals can create
a sense of shared experience and bond over common interests,
making it easier to influence others and achieve
shared goals and objectives.
Overall, fun energy can be an important aspect of Group
Influence, as it can create a positive and engaging group dynamic
that encourages participation, creativity, and innovation.
By leveraging fun energy effectively, individuals can
inspire and influence others toward positive change and
achieve their shared goals and objectives.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
FUN ENERGY:
1. What is Fun Energy?
2. Why is Fun Energy necessary for Integrous Group
Influence?
3. In what situations is it best to tap into our mastery
of Fun Energy?
62 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
4. When is it not appropriate to use Fun Energy?
Why?
5. What will the inability to master Fun Energy cost
us?
6. What would you rate your current level of mastery
of Fun Energy?
7. How committed are you to rising in your mastery of
Fun Energy in order to 20x your current level of
mastery?
Chapter 10:
__________________________________
Matching And Mirroring
Match minus in every situation…unless someone is
dismissive, disrespectful, or diminishing.
In that case, match plus.
If we do not effectively match, we have no influence because
we will either scare people away or allow people to
think they can steamroll us.
Matching and Mirroring is about physiology, tonality,
and word choice to match and mirror your counterparts’ exact
physiology including body position and posture, leading
them to a sense of alignment. Tonality refers to the pitch,
speed, and volume of someone’s voice. For example, if they
begin to whisper, it’s probably not a good idea to begin to
yell. Lastly, we have word choice. If they say the word awesome
then we can say the word awesome. Matching and mirroring
is where you “meet someone where they are and take
them where you want them to be, in integrity.”
Connect with others by reflecting their verbal and nonverbal
cues, creating a sense of rapport and trust. It's important
to use these skills in a way that feels natural and
authentic
Matching and mirroring can be important for Group Influence
because it helps to establish a sense of rapport and
connection between individuals, which can make them more
receptive to each other's ideas and perspectives. When people
feel a sense of similarity and trust with each other, they
64 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
are more likely to cooperate and work together effectively,
which can be beneficial in a variety of group contexts.
In addition, matching and mirroring can help to create a
sense of group identity and cohesion. When individuals
adopt similar behaviors or mannerisms, it can signal that
they are part of the same group or share similar values or
beliefs. This can be particularly important in situations
where a sense of unity and shared purpose is necessary, such
as in team sports or group projects.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
MATCHING AND MIRRORING:
1. What is Matching and Mirroring?
2. Why is Matching and Mirroring necessary for Integrous
Group Influence?
3. In what situations is it best to employ the skill of
Matching and Mirroring? Why?
4. How is Matching and Mirroring different than
Modeling?
GROUP INFLUENCE 65
5. What are some situations in which Matching and
Mirroring could have caused an outcome you desired
had you increased your mastery of this indispensable
element? Why?
6. What can mastering this indispensable element
cause for you in your future outcomes?
7. What would you rate your current level of mastery
of Matching and Mirroring?
8. How can you rise 20x in your mastery of Matching
and Mirroring?
Chapter 11:
__________________________________
Acknowledgement
Oprah Winfrey said that she held the microphone for
thirty thousand people because she told them: “I see you, I
hear you, and what you say matters to me.”
In light of the fact that Oprah Winfrey is worth 3.5 billion
dollars, maybe there is something to master here.
Acknowledgment is the superpower to have people feel
seen, heard, as well as understood (the later element of Validation
completes the understanding). The distinctions between
this element and validation are close, yet still very
different. Acknowledgment is used when highlighting a heroic
characteristic. An example of this would be saying, “Ben,
your ability to be present with people, listen deeply, and love
them without judgment is fascinating to me.” Now in order
for this to land the right way, it must be honest and authentic.
Simply saying someone is awesome is another way to say
you weren’t completely listening.
Acknowledgement is necessary for Group Influence because
it creates a sense of validation and respect within the
group or relationship, which can foster a positive and supportive
dynamic. When individuals feel acknowledged and
appreciated for their contributions and efforts, they are
more likely to feel motivated and engaged, and more willing
to work together toward shared goals and objectives.
Here are some ways that acknowledgement can be necessary
for influence:
GROUP INFLUENCE 67
Building trust and rapport: By acknowledging others for
their contributions and efforts, individuals can build trust
and rapport within the group or relationship. This can create
a sense of mutual respect and understanding, making it easier
to integrously influence others and achieve shared goals
and objectives.
Encouraging positive behavior: By acknowledging positive
behavior within the group or relationship, individuals
can encourage others to continue behaving in a positive and
constructive way. This can help to create a more productive
and supportive dynamic, making it easier to integrously influence
others and achieve shared goals and objectives.
Fostering a positive attitude: Acknowledgement can also
help to foster a positive attitude within the group or relationship,
as individuals feel valued and appreciated for their contributions.
This can create a sense of motivation and
inspiration, making it easier to integrously influence others
and achieve positive change.
Creating a sense of community: Acknowledgement can
be a powerful tool for creating a sense of community within
the group or relationship, as individuals feel connected and
supported by others. This can create a more collaborative
and productive dynamic, making it easier to integrously influence
others and achieve shared goals and objectives.
Overall, acknowledgement is necessary for Integrous
Group Influence, as it creates a sense of validation and respect
within the group or relationship, fostering a positive
and supportive dynamic. By leveraging acknowledgement
effectively, individuals can inspire and integrously influence
others toward positive change and achieve their shared
goals and objectives.
68 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
ACKNOWLEDGMENT:
1. What is acknowledgment?
2. Why is acknowledgement such a crucial indispensable
element?
3. What was the reason that Oprah said she held the
microphone for her 30,000 fans for so many years?
4. What can the mastery of acknowledgment cause in
your business? In your life? For you? For your loved
ones? Today? Five years from now? Ten years from
now?
5. What will it cost you if you do not master the indispensable
element of acknowledgment?
GROUP INFLUENCE 69
6. 6. What would you do to 20x your level of mastery
of the indispensable element of acknowledgment?
Chapter 12:
__________________________________
Level Five Listening
What if you could read minds?
Maybe you can.
Level 5 Transformational Listening is inferential and
emotional listening while also (1) understanding them potentially
better than they understand themselves on a conscious
level and (2) having them feel heard, seen, and
understood like no human ever has heard them before.
Truly listen to others, not just to respond, but to understand
their perspective and emotions.
Bring them present to the gift and value they have just
received.
Let’s examine the levels of listening from Level 0 to Level 5
Listening:
Level 0 - is subject change
Level 1 - is me too
Level 2 - is mirror only
Level 3 - is inferential
Level 4 - is some presence to emotion- unspoken
Level 5 - is ALL target - What is said, unsaid, vocal qualities,
body language and inferential, becoming present to why,
with love for all people
GROUP INFLUENCE 71
Level Zero Listening is a complete subject change. Someone
could be speaking of their love and appreciation for family
connection and you may change the subject to the football
game. This breaks rapport.
Level 1 Listening is bringing the conversation back to
yourself. An example of this could be someone expressing
their love for the New York Mets baseball team. Instead of
allowing them to continue to share or going deeper into their
share, this moves the conversation to highlight yourself,
your own love for sports, and perhaps your fandom of the
New York Jets. It is important to focus on the other person if
you wish to establish any meaningful level of connection and
depth.
Level 2 Listening is mirroring only. You are agreeing
with them, but still not establishing any level of deeper connection.
An example of listening that is mirror only is when
a person simply repeats back what the other person has said,
without adding any additional commentary or interpretation.
For example, if someone says "I'm feeling really frustrated
about work right now," a mirror-only response might
be "You're feeling frustrated about work." The person simply
restates what the other person has said, without offering any
additional thoughts or opinions on the matter. While mirroronly
listening can be useful in some situations, such as when
someone simply needs to be heard and acknowledged, it is
not always the most effective form of listening. In order to
build deeper connections and understanding with others, it
is often necessary to engage in more active listening, which
involves reflecting on what the other person has said and responding
in a thoughtful and empathetic way.
Level 3 Listening is inferential. You are able to gauge
some thoughts that are unspoken but the communication is
72 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
still at a surface level. Inferential listening is a type of listening
that involves interpreting and making inferences about
the speaker's meaning and intentions, based on the context
and nonverbal cues. Unlike literal listening, which involves
taking the speaker's words at face value, inferential listening
requires the listener to read between the lines.
Level 4 Listening has some presence to unspoken emotion
but you have not yet reached the true depth of connection
that allows the person to feel seen, heard, and
understood in a way that says what they share truly matters
to you.
For example, if a person says "I'm fine," but their tone of
voice and body language suggest that they are upset or angry,
an active listener may see this to mean that the person
is not actually fine, and might ask follow-up questions or offer
support.
Inferential listening can be especially useful in situations
where there is a potential for miscommunication or misunderstandings,
such as in complex or emotionally charged
conversations. By reading between the lines and trying to
understand the speaker's underlying meaning and intentions,
you can build deeper connections and facilitate more
effective communication.
Level 5 Listening is ALL target - What is said, unsaid, vocal
qualities, body language and inferential, becoming present
to why, with love for all people. This type of listening
leaves someone feeling seen, heard, and understood, often at
a level greater than they have ever understood themselves.
It leaves them feeling, believing, and knowing that what they
say truly matters to you. It is the greatest gift you can truly
give another human being and a beautiful way to offer unconditional
love with boundaries to them.
GROUP INFLUENCE 73
Level 5 Listening involves a deep level of empathic connection
and generative dialogue that can help to create
transformative change.
Overall, Level 5 Listening is important for Group Influence,
as it creates a deep level of empathic connection and
generative dialogue that can help to create transformative
change. By leveraging Level 5 Listening effectively, individuals
can inspire and integrously influence others toward positive
change and achieve their shared goals and objectives.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
LEVEL FIVE LISTENING:
1. What is Level Five Listening?
2. Why is Level Five Listening absolutely indispensable
to any conversation in your business and life?
3. What will the mastery of Level Five Listening cause
for you in your outcomes for today, this week, this
month, next month, this year, five years from now,
and in your lifetime?
74 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
4. How will not mastering Level Five Listening cost
you in your business and your life?
5. In what situations has not having mastery of Level
Five Listening caused a negative outcome for you?
6. Why is Level Five Listening such a gift for those we
give it to?
7. How can you 20x your mastery of Level 5 Listening?
Chapter 13:
__________________________________
Reciprocity
When people receive from you, they deeply desire, on a
primal level, to give back to you.
The indispensable element of Reciprocity is rooted in the
faith that when you give to others, others will, at a conscious
and subconscious level, begin to give back to you. The secret
here is never expecting it (before an agreement) and contributing
in mass quantities. The more you give others, the
more you become known as a “giver.” The final result of exceptional
Reciprocity is that others will want to and will
begin to pour into you from all sides because you build a reputation
of massive value first.)
When one person or group does something positive for
another, the recipient may feel an innate desire to reciprocate,
in order to balance the scales and maintain a sense of
fairness and mutual benefit in the relationship.
Here are some ways that Reciprocity can be applied to Group
Influence:
Gift-giving: By giving a gift or offering a token of appreciation,
individuals can create a sense of wishing to reciprocate
value to the recipient. Gifts can be material or nonmaterial.
Favors: By doing a favor for someone, individuals may be
more likely to agree with future requests or favors, as they
feel a desire to repay the kindness that has been shown to
them.
76 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
Business transactions: By providing a valuable product or
service, individuals can create a desire to repay the value
that was given to them.
Overall, Reciprocity can be an effective tool for Group Influence,
as it creates a sense and desire within the recipient
in which they wish to repay the value that was given to them.
By mastering the indispensable element of Reciprocity effectively,
individuals can create a positive and mutually beneficial
relationship with others, and can integrously influence
them toward positive actions or decisions.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
RECIPROCITY:
1. What is reciprocity?
2. Why is reciprocity a key indispensable element for
Integrous Group Influence?
3. In what ways can the mastery of reciprocity improve
your business and your life?
GROUP INFLUENCE 77
4. Think of at least three times that reciprocity could
have caused a more positive outcome had you
known how to master this indispensable element.
5. How can you 20x your mastery of the indispensable
element of reciprocity?
Chapter 14:
__________________________________
Question Mastery
Questions are the gateway to everything.
It’s time to examine the indispensable element of Question
Mastery (Power of Questions).
In Group Influence, the person who is asking the questions
is influencing. There are two types of questions, openended
and close-ended. Question Mastery comes from who,
what, when, where, why, and how questions. They are meant
to be kept open and create an ongoing dialogue. The shortness
of your question also holds much power. While most
believe that long and specific questions lead to a specific answer,
the truth is that short, open-ended questions lead to
truth and story-telling. The person asking the questions is in
control, guiding and leading the conversation.
Question Mastery is important for Group influence in
business because it helps individuals to better understand
their colleagues, customers, and other stakeholders, and to
communicate more effectively with them. When individuals
are able to ask thoughtful and insightful questions, they can
gain valuable insights into others' perspectives, needs, and
motivations. This can help them to build stronger relationships,
make better decisions, and achieve their business
goals more effectively.
Here are some ways that Question Mastery can be important
for Group Influence in business:
GROUP INFLUENCE 79
Understanding customer needs: By asking thoughtful
questions, individuals can gain a better understanding of
their customers' needs, preferences, and pain points. This
can help them to design products and services that better
meet their customers' needs, and to communicate more effectively
with them.
Building stronger relationships: By asking powerful
questions, individuals can build stronger relationships with
their colleagues, partners, and other stakeholders. This can
help them to build trust and rapport, and to influence others
toward positive action.
Making better decisions: By asking insightful questions,
individuals can gain a deeper understanding of complex issues
and make better decisions. This can help them to avoid
potential pitfalls and to achieve their business goals more effectively.
Promoting innovation and creativity: By asking exploratory
questions, individuals can promote innovation and creativity
within the business. This can help to generate new
ideas and solutions, and to stay ahead of the competition.
Overall, Question Mastery is an important tool for influence
in business, as it helps individuals to better understand
their colleagues, customers, and other stakeholders, and to
communicate more effectively with them. By employing
Question Mastery effectively, individuals can inspire and influence
individuals and groups toward positive change and
achieve their business goals more effectively.
Let’s next examine the importance of the indispensable
element of Question Mastery in interpersonal relationships.
Question Mastery is essential for building and maintaining
strong interpersonal relationships, as it helps individuals
80 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
to better understand and connect with others. When individuals
are able to ask thoughtful and insightful questions, they
can gain valuable insights into others' perspectives, needs,
and motivations, and can communicate more effectively
with them. This can help to build trust, respect, and understanding
within the relationship, and can foster a sense of
closeness and intimacy.
Here are some ways that Question Mastery is important in
interpersonal relationships:
Building deeper connections: By asking questions, individuals
can build deeper connections with their partners, friends,
and family members. This can help to foster a sense of closeness
and intimacy, and can create a stronger and more supportive
relationship.
Resolving conflicts: By asking thoughtful questions, individuals
can better understand their partner's perspective and
motivations, and can work toward resolving conflicts more
effectively. This can help to create a more harmonious and
fulfilling relationship.
Showing empathy: By asking empathetic questions, individuals
can show that they care about their partner's feelings
and experiences, and can create a supportive and nurturing
relationship.
Strengthening communication: By asking clarifying questions,
individuals can ensure that they are understanding
their partner's needs and desires accurately. This can help to
improve communication and prevent misunderstandings or
miscommunications.
Overall, Question Mastery is essential for building and
maintaining strong interpersonal relationships, as it helps
individuals to better understand and connect with others. By
GROUP INFLUENCE 81
leveraging question mastery effectively, individuals can create
a more supportive, fulfilling, and harmonious relationship
with their partners, friends, and family members.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
QUESTION MASTERY:
1. What is Question Mastery?
2. Why is Question Mastery crucial to Integrous
Group Influence?
3. What will it cost your business if you do not master
the indispensable element of Question Mastery?
4. How has not mastering this skill negatively impacted
you in the past?
82 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
5. Should you use open-ended or closed-ended questions
when you are building rapport with someone?
Why?
6. List at least three instances where you have witnessed
Question Mastery.
7. List at least three individuals, both fictional and
nonfictional who have true Question Mastery.
8. How can you 20x your mastery of the indispensable
element of Question Mastery?
Chapter 15:
__________________________________
Validation
Nothing enflames people more than when their listening
tells them that their feelings are invalid or wrong.
On the contrary, authentic validation of people’s feelings
is far rarer and more precious than a diamond.
The indispensable element of Validation is the process of
having people feel that it is normal and okay to feel the way
they do about events, things, people, and circumstances.
Validation is the act of acknowledging and accepting
someone's thoughts, feelings, or experiences, even if you
may not agree with them. It involves showing empathy and
understanding toward the other person, and communicating
that their thoughts and feelings are valid and important.
Here is an example of Validation:
Imagine a friend comes to you and tells you that they are
feeling upset because they didn't get the job they interviewed
for. Instead of dismissing their feelings or trying to
fix the situation, you validate their feelings by saying something
like, "I can understand why you would feel upset about
not getting the job. You worked hard and were really excited
about it, and it's disappointing when things don't work out
as planned. Your feelings are completely valid, and I'm here
to support you in any way I can."
By validating your friend's feelings, you are showing
them that you care about their well-being and that their
84 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
feelings are important. This can help to create a sense of
trust and connection, and can make it easier for them to cope
with their disappointment and move forward in a positive
way.
Validation can be a powerful tool in business, as it helps
to build trust, rapport, and understanding between individuals
or groups. By employing validation effectively, individuals
can create an environment of improved collaboration,
productivity, and overall success.
There are many individuals who have mastered the skill
of validation, both in their personal lives and in their professional
careers. Here are a few examples:
Brené Brown: Brené Brown is a research professor at the
University of Houston who has become known for her work
on vulnerability, shame, and empathy. She is a master at validating
others' experiences and perspectives, and has written
numerous books and given many talks on the
importance of empathy and understanding in building
strong relationships.
Oprah Winfrey: Oprah Winfrey is a media mogul and
philanthropist who has built a career around empathy, understanding,
and validation. She is known for her ability to
connect with her audience and guests on a deep emotional
level, and has used her platform to promote empathy and understanding
in many different contexts.
Stephen Covey: Stephen Covey was a businessman and
author who wrote the book "The 7 Habits of Highly Effective
People". He was a master at validating others' perspectives
and experiences, and his work has influenced many individuals
and organizations in the fields of business, leadership,
and personal development.
GROUP INFLUENCE 85
Overall, these individuals have mastered the indispensable
element of Validation through their work and personal
experiences, and have shown how Validation can be a powerful
tool for building strong and positive relationships.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
VALIDATION:
1. How is Validation defined?
2. Why is it crucial to master the indispensable element
of Validation?
3. Give three examples of powerful Validation that you
have witnessed in real life or fiction.
4. What will not mastering the indispensable element
of Validation cost you in your business and your
life?
86 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
5. How is Validation different from Acknowledgment?
6. How can you 20x your mastery of the indispensable
element of Validation?
Chapter 16:
__________________________________
Context And Contrast
At every moment we are putting people into our stories,
and they are doing the exact same thing to us.
Without the indispensable element of Context, we have
nothing. Context is like the movie, the story, what's on the
screen behind it, and all involved within it. People constantly
put us into false contexts, or false “frames” (another word for
“context”).
Context is what distinguishes a false and limiting frame
from a true and accurate frame. For example, someone saying
that Tony Robbins is a coach and/or motivational
speaker is the equivalent of saying that a lion is just a kitty
cat.
Context is necessary for Group Influence because it creates
an accurate frame. Tony Robbins is the greatest speaker
in the history of personal development, someone who
coaches presidents of the United States and has coached professional
sports teams numerous times to turn their championships
around, and their entire seasons around. He has
unprecedented results that no one else has been able to
achieve.
If that's what you mean by a coach, then yes, he is a
coach. And, he is an outstanding example of creating accurate
context and moving from a false context or frame into
truth.
88 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
Now, let’s step into the indispensable element of Contrast
as it relates to Group Influence. How do you distinguish
between true and false frames? In the above example of Tony
Robbins, contrast is shown with a meaningful energetic differential
and reality differential of the limiting false frame
being disrupted with a lightning bolt of the truthful frame of
the man who coaches presidents, and turns professional
sports teams around.
For example, Contrast is what creates the opening of listening
and the disruption of the limiting false Context. The
greater, stronger, and more energetic the Contrast, the more
truth is received.
Context is important to influence because it can influence
how individuals perceive and respond to information,
ideas, and messages. The context in which a message is delivered
can shape the way it is received, interpreted, and
acted upon, and can have a significant impact on the success
of influence attempts.
Overall, Context is an important consideration in Group
Influence because it can impact how individuals perceive
and respond to messages. By understanding the Context in
which influence attempts are being made, individuals can
tailor their messages and delivery methods to be more effective
and increase their chances of success.
Overall, Contrast is an important skill for influence because
it can help to highlight differences, create a sense of
urgency, and integrously encourage individuals to take action.
By leveraging contrast effectively, individuals can make
their messages more compelling and persuasive, and increase
their chances of success in influencing others.
GROUP INFLUENCE 89
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
CONTEXT AND CONTRAST:
1. What is Context?
2. What is Contrast?
3. Why is the mastery of Context necessary to succeed
in Integrous Group Influence?
4. Why is the mastery of Contrast necessary to succeed
in Integrous Group Influence?
5. Give three examples where you have seen the masterful
use of Context in business.
90 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
6. Give three examples where you have seen the masterful
use of Contrast in business.
7. How will the mastery of the indispensable elements
of Context and Contrast improve your business and
life?
8. What will it cost you if you do not master these
skills?
9. How can you 20x your mastery of the indispensable
elements of Context and Contrast?
Chapter 17:
__________________________________
The 4 Steps
What if you could know exactly where you are in
every communication with every human being every single
time?
The 4 Steps of Integrity Based Human Influence are:
1. The Creation of Emotional Rapport
2. Connecting People to their Truth, Pain and Yes
Strategy
3. Creation and Conveyance of Your Heroic
Unique Identity
4. Agreement Formation
Let’s define each of The 4 Steps of Integrity Based Human
Influence so that we can properly understand how to employ
them within Group Influence.
Step 1: Building Emotional Rapport: The foundation of influence
is connecting with others on a deep, emotional level.
This is where we forge meaningful relationships that serve
as the bedrock for our influence. Remember, people are
drawn to those who make them feel seen, heard, and understood.
Step 2: Truth to Pain and Yes Strategy: Every individual has
pain points – unmet needs, desires, or challenges. In this
step, we explore the truth and those pain points and create
92 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
strategies that address them in a way that empowers others
to say "yes" to our ideas and initiatives.
Step 3: Creating and Conveying Your Heroic Unique Identity:
Each of us has a unique story to tell, and it's essential to share
that story authentically. By doing so, we create a heroic identity
that others are drawn to, making our influence even
more impactful.
Step 4: Agreement Formation: The final step in our journey
within the Four Steps is forming agreements with others,
built on trust and mutual benefit. This is where our influence
truly shines, allowing us to create lasting, positive change.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
THE 4 STEPS:
1. What are the 4 Steps in the 4 Step Communication
Model of Integrity Based Human Influence?
2. What is Emotional Rapport?
3. What is Truth and Yes… Truth to Pain and Yes
Strategy?
GROUP INFLUENCE 93
4. What does it mean to Create and Convey your Heroic
Unique Identity?
5. What is Agreement Formation?
6. Give an example of how to employ The 4 Steps in a
business meeting.
7. Give an example of how to employ The 4 Steps in a
personal matter.
8. How would you rate yourself in your mastery of The
4 Steps?
9. Where do you see room for improvement?
94 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
10. How can you 20x your mastery in each of The 4
Steps?
Chapter 18:
__________________________________
Emotional Rapport Building
What does Charlie Brown’s teacher say?
"Wah whoa wah, whoa wah wah."
Are you speaking to a brick wall?
A wooden door?
A screen?
Or, a filterless, completely wide open, and direct space?
Step 1 of the 4 Step Communication Model of Integrity
Based Human Influence is Building Emotional Rapport with
the person you are developing a relationship with. This develops
a sense of trust and security, along with opening the
lines of communication between both parties.
5 Questions of Emotional Rapport Building:
1. Where have you been?
2. Where are you now?
3. Where are you going?
4. What’s working?
5. What are the challenges?
Emotional Rapport is necessary for Group Influence because
it helps to create a positive and supportive environment
where the other person feels comfortable, understood,
and valued. When individuals feel that they are being
96 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
listened to and understood on an emotional level, they are
more likely to be receptive to new ideas and perspectives,
and are more likely to take action toward a specific goal or
outcome.
Here are some reasons why Step 1 of The 4 Steps, Emotional
Rapport, is necessary for Group Influence:
Builds trust: Building Emotional Rapport helps to build trust
between individuals. When individuals feel that they are being
listened to and understood, they are more likely to trust
the other person's motives and intentions, which can make
it easier to integrously influence them toward a mutually
beneficial positive change that serves their needs and outcomes.
Creates a supportive environment: Emotional Rapport helps
to create a supportive environment where the other person
feels valued and appreciated. This can help to reduce any resistance
or defensiveness that may arise, and can make it
easier to integrously influence the other person toward positive
change.
Increases receptiveness to new ideas: When individuals feel
that they are being listened to and understood on an emotional
level, they are more likely to be receptive to new ideas
and perspectives. This can make it easier to integrously influence
them toward positive change, as they are more open
to considering new options and approaches that are in service
of them and their outcomes.
Improves communication: Building Emotional Rapport can
improve communication between individuals, as it creates a
positive and supportive environment where both parties
feel comfortable and valued. This can make it easier to
GROUP INFLUENCE 97
discuss difficult or sensitive topics, and can help to facilitate
more productive and effective communication.
Overall, Emotional Rapport is necessary for Group Influence
because it helps to build trust, create a supportive environment,
increase receptiveness to new ideas, and
improve communication. By building Emotional Rapport
with others, individuals can increase their chances of success
in influencing them toward positive change.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
RAPPORT BUILDING:
1. What does it mean to build Emotional Rapport?
2. What are the key questions to ask in Emotional
Rapport building conversations?
3. Why is Emotional Rapport the first of The 4 Steps
of the Integrity Based Human Influence Communication
Model?
98 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
4. What do we risk by not building Emotional Rapport
during interactions in business? In life?
5. Give an example of when neglecting to build Emotional
Rapport negatively impacted a situation.
6. How can you 20x your mastery of Step 1, Building
Emotional Rapport?
Chapter 19:
__________________________________
Truth And Yes…. Truth To Pain And Yes, Truth
Of Pain And Yes
Tony Robbins says “People will do more to avoid pain
than to gain pleasure.”
While people are highly unskilled at it, if not meaningfully
fearful of it, mastering the ability to bring people to the
TRUTH of their pain, is the vital bridge connecting Emotional
Rapport and becoming, at Step 3, the solution to someone’s
Pain And Yes Strategy.
The fundamental necessity at Step 2 of the 4 Steps, Truth
to Pain and Yes, is that people make emotional, not logical
decisions, while typically being blind to this reality. People
are typically at a default “no” based upon false fears (i.e., fear
of rejection and fear of failure). Thus, the key at Step 2 of The
4 Steps is to: (1) accept the reality of how people make decisions,
and (2) with integrity, empathy, and love, connect
them to their truth and pain. In addition, everyone has a different
strategy for how they decide to say “yes”. Uncovering
the strategy at Step 2 of The 4 Steps is critical to tailor the
focus of our Heroic Unique Identity at Step 3.
It is key to remember to speak into the listening of the
other person. One way to accomplish this is by asking questions
that clarify the other person’s pain points that they
want to solve.
One question to conclude this step is to ask:
100 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
“If in the end, you didn’t get to the place you were setting
up in Step 1, how important would that be to you?”
If the answer is very, then you have to explore further
and connect them emotionally to that pain.
If they don’t care very much, then they are not a good
candidate, unless of course we have sub-optimally helped
them see what they don’t see about the importance of what
we are offering.
At Step 2, Truth to Pain And Yes, within Group Influence
we highlight the negative consequences of not taking action,
and then provide a solution that can help to alleviate the
pain. This creates a sense of urgency and motivation for the
audience to take action toward a specific goal or outcome.
Here are some reasons why Step 2 of The 4 Steps is necessary
for Group Influence:
Creates urgency: By highlighting the truth of the negative
consequences of not taking action, we create a sense of urgency
and motivation for the audience to take action. This
can help to overcome any resistance or hesitation that the
audience may have toward taking action.
Encourages action: By providing a solution that can help to
alleviate the pain, the Truth, Pain And Yes Strategy encourages
action and provides a clear path toward achieving a
specific goal or outcome. This can help to integrously motivate
the audience to take action toward positive change.
Increases motivation: The Truth, Pain And Yes Strategy can
increase motivation by highlighting the truth of the negative
consequences of not taking action and the benefits of taking
action. This can help to inspire the audience to take the correct
action toward their outcomes.
GROUP INFLUENCE 101
Overcomes objections: The Truth, Pain And Yes Strategy can
help to overcome objections by addressing the concerns and
hesitations of the audience. By highlighting the negative consequences
of not taking action and providing a solution that
can help to alleviate the pain, individuals can address any objections
or concerns that the audience may have toward taking
action.
Overall, The Truth, Pain And Yes Strategy is necessary
for Group Influence because it creates urgency, encourages
action, increases motivation, and integrously overcomes objections.
By leveraging Step 2 effectively, individuals can increase
their chances of success in influencing others toward
positive change.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
TRUTH AND YES…. TRUTH TO PAIN AND YES,
TRUTH OF PAIN AND YES:
1. What do we mean by Truth and Yes…Truth to
Pain and Yes and Truth of Pain and Yes?
2. Why is it necessary in Integrous Group Influence to
master Step 2 of The 4 Steps?
102 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
3. Give an example of where mastery of Step 2 of The
4 Steps can positively impact your business outcomes.
4. Give an example of where mastery of Step 2 of The
4 Steps can positively impact your life and personal
relationships.
5. What will it cost you in your business and life if you
do not master Step 2?
6. How can you 20x your mastery of Step 2?
Chapter 20:
__________________________________
Heroic Unique Identity
Who are you?
You decide.
People want to see certain things in you.
And, make no mistake, those things that people want to see
are inside of you.
Creation and Conveyance of Your Heroic Unique Identity
is Part 3 of the 4 Step Communication Model of Integrity
Based Human Influence. There are certain characteristics
that attract people and there are certain characteristics that
repel people.
What are the heroic characteristics?
1. Integrity
2. Selflessness
3. Honesty
4. Empathy
5. Loyalty
6. Confidence
7. Integrity
8. Passion
9. Courage
104 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
10. Bravery
11. Humility
12. Love
13. Inspirational
14. Leader
15. Adventurous
What are the anti-heroic characteristics?
1. Manipulative
2. Negative Vibrational
3. Taking
4. Selfish
5. Immorality
6. Dishonesty
7. Arrogance
8. Ego
9. Cowardice
10. Weakness
11. Out of Integrity
12. Fraud
13. Deceitful
14. Liar
15. Corrupt
GROUP INFLUENCE 105
Each of us has a unique story to tell, and it's essential to
share that story authentically. By doing so, we create a heroic
identity that others are drawn to, making our influence
even more impactful.
Step 3 of The 4 Steps is where you introduce who you are
and what you are doing in the world, sharing it (only in absolute
integrity), and identifying how you can help the person
achieve their dreams. The key is for them to see their
future in you.
It is incredibly important to tell and establish your story
with heroic characteristics and a story arc. This creates a
gravitational pull toward you and supports the other person
in seeing their future in you, which is your outcome by the
end of the conversation.
Overall, the creation and conveyance of a heroic unique
identity is key to Group Influence because it helps individuals
to establish a clear and distinct identity, inspire action,
create a sense of community, and increase credibility. By integrously
leveraging this identity effectively, individuals can
increase their chances of success in inspiring others toward
positive change.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
HEROIC UNIQUE IDENTITY (HUI):
1. What does it mean to Create and Convey Your Heroic
Unique Identity (HUI) in Step 3 of The 4
Steps?
106 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
2. What is your Heroic Unique Identity?
3. Do we only have one Heroic Unique Identity, or do
we have separate Heroic Unique Identities for different
areas of our lives?
4. Why is Step 3 such a crucial and necessary piece of
Integrous Group Influence?
5. What will it cost you if you do not master this skill?
6. What will it do for your business and your life if you
increase your mastery in the Creation and Conveyance
of Your Heroic Unique Identity?
7. List 10 Heroic Characteristics that are present in
your favorite characters, those you idolize, etc.
GROUP INFLUENCE 107
8. How can you 20x your mastery of Step 3?
Chapter 21:
__________________________________
Agreement Formation
Pitching, hooking, closing?
Never.
Would you want us to close your mom?
Us neither.
Instead, what if you could move forward from the same side
of the table, in a transparent and integrous agreement where
you are adding more value than you take?
Agreement Formation is the 4th Step of the 4 Step Communication
Model of Integrity Based Human Influence.
If you are not in absolute agreement, you are in disagreement.
Just like you, the person you are speaking to wants more
money, more time, and/or more magic and fulfillment in
their life and business.
At this step, you must not only identify but overcome all
of their unspoken and spoken objections.
All objections are emotional. There is no such thing as a
logical objection unless they have a family or business obligation
that they cannot miss.
To overcome any objection, you must disrupt their patterns
of “knowingness” and what they believe is true. You
can do this by making bold proclamations and asking powerful
questions that allow them to see what they are not
GROUP INFLUENCE 109
seeing. This is when they become “unblinded” to you and
your importance.
The keys are disruption and overcoming objections,
bearing the 4 energies. A key concept is to have objections
collapse upon themselves as people want to explain why
they are saying “no”.
TRUTH-TELLING AND CONFRONTATION.
What is confrontation? It is directly addressing an issue
without avoidance from a place of integrity and truth to
achieve your OUTCOME.
When confronting, we employ the principles of ERPD:
1. Empathy
2. Respect
3. Precision
4. Directness
It is important to engage in the components of ERPDing
in their sequential order and with each of the components
present.
What is the purpose of confrontation? It builds rapport,
creates a pattern interrupt, breaks apathy, reveals truth, and
educates.
It is a relentless pursuit of your outcome using the 12 Indispensable
Elements of Integrous Influence Mastery, the 4
Step Communication Model, and the 4 Energies.
How do you have a high-quality confrontation?
ü Know the outcome of the confront;
110 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
ü Establish Emotional Rapport;
ü Be caring, empathetic, precise, respectful, and direct;
ü Set expectations clearly;
ü Form clear agreements;
ü Focus on the desired result, do not focus on fear or
discomfort;
ü Ask open and closed-ended questions, especially
“Why?”;
ü Lean into objections;
ü Use pattern interrupts and disruptions.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
AGREEMENT FORMATION:
1. What is Agreement Formation in Step 4 of The 4
Steps?
2. How is Agreement Formation Different from “closing”
and why do we care?
3. How would it make you feel (list all the emotions) if
you overheard someone saying that they were going
to “close” your mom?
GROUP INFLUENCE 111
4. When should we “check in” during the Agreement
Formation Process?
5. Should the Agreement Formation always be for a
sale, or is it ok to sometimes make the agreement for
the next meeting or phone call? How do we know
which is appropriate?
6. How would you rate your present mastery of Agreement
Formation?
7. Where is there room for improvement in your
Agreement Formation skills?
8. What can rising in these skills cause in your business
and your life?
112 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
9. What will it cost you if you do not rise in your
Agreement Formation skills?
10. How can you 20x your mastery of Agreement Formation?
Chapter 22:
__________________________________
How To Create A Talk Opening: Cold Openings,
What Ifs, and Beyond
Nothing is more vital than the first disruptive fifteen
seconds of your Group Influence.
But how?
Master this, and you exponentially grow in Group Influence
Mastery immediately.
Overall, speaking engagements can be a powerful tool
for Group Influence, as they provide an opportunity to share
a common vision, build rapport and trust, demonstrate expertise
and authority, create a sense of urgency, and leverage
group dynamics. Through using Integrous Group
Influence effectively, speakers can inspire and influence
groups toward a shared goal or objective.
Before we move into the creation of a successful opening
of a talk, let’s examine the components of a talk.
The main components of a talk are: Opening, 3-5 Main
Points, Outro with a call to action.
Opening: The introduction is the opening part of the talk that
sets the stage and captures the audience's attention and
opens their listening. It should provide an overview of what
the talk will cover and why it's important. Speak into their
listening.
Body: The body of the talk is where the speaker presents the
main content and ideas. Have 3 to 5 main points. This is
114 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
where the speaker will provide evidence, share stories, and
make their arguments.
Transitions: Transitions are the phrases or sentences that
connect the different parts of the talk. They help the audience
understand how the different parts of the talk relate to
each other and keep the flow of the talk smooth.
Outro: The conclusion is the ending part of the talk that summarizes
the main points and reinforces the message. It
should also leave a lasting impression on the audience. This
is where you have your call to action.
Q&A: Depending on the format of the talk, there may be a
question-and-answer session where the audience can ask
the speaker questions and engage in a dialogue.
Visual aids: Visual aids such as slides or videos can be used
to enhance the talk and provide a visual representation of
the content.
Delivery: Delivery refers to the way the speaker presents the
talk. It includes factors such as the speaker's tone, pace, volume,
body language, and congruence.
Overall, these components work together to create a successful
talk that engages the audience, presents a clear message,
and achieves the desired outcome.
Now, let’s explore Cold Openings and What Ifs as a means of
opening our talks.
A cold opening is the beginning of a speaking engagement
that captures the audience's attention and sets the tone for
the rest of the speech. Here are some tips to help you create
an effective cold opening for your speaking engagement:
GROUP INFLUENCE 115
Grab the audience's attention: Start with a powerful statement,
question, or statistic that is relevant to your topic. This
will immediately engage the audience and make them interested
in what you have to say.
Use humor: If appropriate for your topic and audience, a
well-timed joke or humorous anecdote can be a great way to
break the ice and put everyone at ease.
Use a personal story: Sharing a personal story related to
your topic can help the audience relate to you and your message.
It can also help establish credibility and make you more
approachable.
Use a visual aid: A powerful image or short video clip can be
a great way to grab the audience's attention and set the tone
for your speech.
Make a bold statement: A bold statement can challenge the
audience's preconceived notions and get them thinking
about your topic in a new way.
Remember that the goal of your cold opening is to capture
the audience's attention and make them interested in
what you have to say. By using one or more of these techniques,
you can create an effective cold opening that sets the
tone for your entire speaking engagement.
Here are a few examples of cold openings that you can use to
start your speaking engagement:
Shocking statistic: "Did you know that every 2 seconds, a
child dies of malnutrition somewhere in the world? That
means that by the time I finish this sentence, another child
will have died. This is a crisis that demands our attention and
action."
116 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
Personal story: "When I was growing up, my mother always
told me that I could be anything I wanted to be. But as I got
older, I started to doubt myself and my abilities. It wasn't until
I discovered the power of positive self-talk that I was able
to overcome my self-doubt and achieve my goals."
Humor: "Good evening, everyone! I'm thrilled to be here tonight,
especially since I was promised an unlimited supply of
pizza and pina coladas. But seriously, I'm excited to talk to
you all about the future of renewable energy."
Bold statement: "The world as we know it is changing at an
unprecedented pace. And if we don't take action now, we
risk leaving behind a planet that is uninhabitable for future
generations."
Visual aid: "I want you to close your eyes for a moment and
imagine that you're standing on a beach. You can feel the sun
on your skin and the sand between your toes. Now imagine
that the beach is covered in plastic waste. This is the reality
that we're facing today, and it's up to us to do something
about it."
Now that you have a better understanding of cold openings
as means to open a talk, let’s discuss the option of using
What Ifs.
Using "what ifs" to open a talk means posing hypothetical
questions or scenarios that encourage your audience to
think about a particular issue or topic. The purpose of this
type of opening is to engage the audience's imagination and
get them thinking about the possibilities that lie ahead.
"What if" questions can be particularly effective for talks
related to the future or for talks that challenge the audience
to think in new and innovative ways. For example, if you're
GROUP INFLUENCE 117
giving a talk on the future of artificial intelligence, you might
start with a "what if" question such as:
"What if we could create machines that could think and
reason like humans? What would that mean for our society,
our economy, and our future?"
Or if you're giving a talk on the importance of creativity
in the workplace, you might start with a "what if" scenario
like:
"What if we lived in a world where everyone had the
freedom to be creative and innovative? How would that
change the way we work, learn, and grow?"
Using "what ifs" to open a talk can be a great way to capture
your audience's attention and get them thinking about
your topic in a new and exciting way.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
COLD OPENINGS, WHAT IFS, AND BEYOND:
1. What are some options on how to open your talk
and which are less and which are more optimal?
2. What is a cold opening and what is an example, including
tense?
3. What is a “What If” opening and what does it cause?
118 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
4. How do I masterfully use “What Ifs” in my talk?
5. How do I masterfully deliver my talk in order to
master Integrous Group Influence?
6. Why is a masterful talk introduction necessary for
mastering Integrous Group Influence?
Chapter 23:
__________________________________
Talk Outros
The Opening and the Outro of your talk make up ninety
percent of the Group Influence Mastery of your talk.
Do you end with a golf clap?
Perhaps thunderous applause for your brilliance?
Or, as great Greek orator Cicero challenged, do you cause
your audience to go forward and march?
The Outro of your talk, also known as the conclusion, should
summarize the main points of your talk and leave a lasting
impression on the audience. Here are some components to
consider including in your outro:
Recap: Summarize the main points of your talk in a concise
and clear manner. This can help to reinforce your message
and ensure that the audience understands the key takeaways.
Call to action: End your talk with a clear call to action. This
can be a specific action that you want the audience to take,
such as signing up for a program, volunteering, or making a
donation.
Closing statement: End your talk with a memorable closing
statement that reinforces your message and leaves a lasting
impression on the audience.
120 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
Thank you: Express gratitude to the audience for their time
and attention. This can help to establish a connection with
the audience and leave a positive impression.
Contact information: Provide contact information, such as
your email address or social media handles, so that the audience
can reach out to you if they have any questions or want
to learn more.
Overall, the outro of your talk should be memorable, concise,
and reinforce your message. By including a recap of
your main points, a clear call to action, a memorable closing
statement, a thank you, and your contact information, you
can create a successful outro that leaves a lasting impression
on the audience.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
TALK OUTROS:
1. What should the outro section of my talk be comprised
of?
2. How do I ensure that I masterfully deliver the outro
of my talk?
GROUP INFLUENCE 121
3. How can I ensure that I am keeping the attention of
the audience all the way through the outro section
of my talk?
4. How can I reopen listening if I have lost the attention
of the group?
5. Why is mastery of my talk outro necessary for Integrous
Group Influence?
6. What does a proper call to action look like in the
outro of my talk?
Chapter 24:
__________________________________
The Middle Of A Talk
If the Intro and Outro are masterful, the Middle just
needs to have three to five effective points that do not screw
up your Intro and Outro or put your audience to sleep.
Of course, that is an exaggeration.
Three to five points illustrated by effectively emotionevoking,
and logically clear stories, will make the mastery of
your Group Influence complete.
The middle of your talk should consist of the main content
and ideas that you want to convey to the audience. This is
where you will present your arguments, share your stories
and examples, and provide evidence to support your message.
Here are some components to consider including in the
middle of your talk:
Main points: Start by introducing your main points, and
make sure they are easy to understand and follow. This can
help to keep the audience engaged and interested in what
you have to say.
Evidence: Use evidence to support your main points, such as
statistics, research, case studies, or personal anecdotes. This
can help to build credibility and reinforce your message.
Stories: Use stories to illustrate your points and make them
more memorable. Personal stories or examples can be
GROUP INFLUENCE 123
particularly effective in engaging the audience and creating
an emotional connection.
Examples: Use examples to clarify your points and make
them more relatable. Examples can help the audience to understand
complex concepts or ideas by applying them to
real-world situations.
Visual aids: Use visual aids, such as slides, images, or videos,
to enhance your presentation and make it more engaging.
Visual aids can help to break up the monotony of a long talk
and make it easier for the audience to follow along.
Transitions: Use transitions to connect your main points and
make the flow of your talk smoother. Transitions can help
the audience to understand how different points relate to
each other and make it easier to follow your argument.
Overall, the middle of your talk should be engaging, informative,
and well-organized. By including main points, evidence,
stories, examples, visual aids, and transitions, you
can create a successful middle that engages the audience and
reinforces your message.
LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
THE MIDDLE OF A TALK:
1. What belongs in the middle section of my talk?
2. How do I keep the full attention of the audience
during this section of my talk?
124 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
3. How can I rise in my mastery of the delivery of my
talk so that people are engaged, interested, and want
to continue the conversation after I conclude my
talk?
4. What do I do if I encounter a heckler or mismatcher
during my talk? Hint: Refer to the chapter on confronts.
Epilogue from Tink:
__________________________________
What if?
What if there are actually superheroes?
What if you, led by Sean Callagy and Unblinded, are those
superheroes in this world?
A superhero risks everything for people.
Superheroes risk, face, and sacrifice being misunderstood
and misportrayed, risk and sacrifice the comforts of a
simple and ordinary life, and also sacrifice so much of their
time, energy, and life force for the benefit of other human beings
regardless of whether those human beings are grateful
or not.
As part of Unblinded, you are one of a fraction of a fraction
of a percent of people who will ever know what it takes
and costs to impact millions of lives, just as Sean and the Unblinded
team have in their invaluable contributions to the
millions of people that have been impacted by the Formula
across the world.
One of those impacted lives is mine, which carries over
to so many people I love, give to and serve thanks to Sean
and the Formula he has instilled in me. He has not only impacted
my life...at times he has saved it.
Oh, the miracles I have seen this Formula cause and create…
126 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
Through the mastery of The Formula, his Formula, I have
witnessed Sean Callagy: protect those who can't protect
themselves, include those who are excluded, see the unseen,
hear the unheard, give a voice to those who are silenced,
raise over 10 million dollars for charity in 2022, create an
entire 100 plus person law firm that recovers money for doctors
that is stolen from them, cause business owners to get
back their businesses when they are defrauded, restore belief
in the goodness of people just about on a daily basis, not
only bring but invent and actualize magical experiences into
this world that do not and have not existed anywhere else
ever before, positively impact every life he encounters
whether it is a waiter, Uber driver, Senator, presidential candidate,
billionaire, Disney's highest level Executives, impact
Fortune 10, Fortune 50 and Fortune 100 company leaders,
save the lives of horses and baby turtles, restore faith for
those who stopped believing, deliver supplies to Ukraine
during war amid missile fire purchased with money he
raised and contributed to, and even create a 7 figure charitable
foundation solely from his own money with zero other
contributions that dispels the misperceptions about Christianity
and restores the truth that it is about love, inclusion
and giving.
I, like so many, could never repay Sean and the Unblinded
team in a thousand lifetimes for the selflessness, sacrifices,
and undying commitment to the mission that is the
core of my heart and soul.
The magic is, that possibility, the ability to cause miracles
and actualize dreams exists for all of us through
the mastery of The Formula that you studied here.
GROUP INFLUENCE 127
This past week you were Aquaman or a mermaid at the
depths of the ocean, you were one with the sharks, sting rays,
starfish, and sea creatures. You rescued a baby turtle and
gave it another chance at life and the greatest gift that exists,
the ability to fully live. Will you truly and fully live? In the
same way you contributed and caused that turtle to have a
second chance at life and living, you were given the same opportunity
this week through the lessons of The Formula.
Some of those lessons took place in a meeting room, and others
transpired hundreds of meters offshore at an underwater
shipwreck. Will you embrace the same sacred gift that
you granted that turtle? Will you accept a second chance at
life and all of its wondrous possibilities? A life of deep meaning,
of influence, of fully living, of accepting the great responsibility
that comes with the newfound ability to actualize not
only your dreams but also cause that ability in others?
Will you carry forth your newfound mastery, wisdom
and knowledge each day and at every opportunity once you
step off that plane and arrive home, wherever home is for
you?
Or will you fall back into patterns of comfort, fear, excuses,
and social norms, falling prey to the love for “the
new”?
Will you be the force for good for everyone who is
blessed to know and encounter you?
Will you be Peter Pan for them, showing them how to believe
and how to fly?
Will you remember the sting rays, the playful, loveable,
slippery puppies of the water, and will you bring that playfulness
and Fun Energy into your own life?
128 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
When fear takes hold, will you plummet and then summit
the depths of the ocean, use your resolve, decisiveness,
strength, and powerful Zeus Energy to stay the course?
When hope is lost, will you tap into your Aspirational Energy,
help others find a will, a way, and see the light, the
goodness, and the possibility that still exists and is waiting
for you (it will always be there waiting for you)? Will you
commit to reaching that higher place? Will you never lose
sight of your Why?
When darkness comes for you, will you remember that
you cannot fight darkness with darkness? Will you tap into
Goddess Energy and remember that darkness can only be
conquered with love, strength, depth of heart, and light? Will
you remember how to love unconditionally with boundaries?
Will you maybe even turn darkness to light?
When Captain Hook claws at you, intending to pull you
back into old patterns, dragging you toward the abyss of fear
and doubt, will you use the lessons that you have learned
here on this magical island to bring you back to truth, the
truth of who you truly are, remembering that you have everything
you need inside you already to overcome any obstacle
or conquer any villain?
Will you remember that no one, and I mean no one, has
the ability to define you but you?
Will you convey your Heroic Unique Identity, empower
and inspire others to do the same?
Will you remember that you need no acknowledgment
but your own?
GROUP INFLUENCE 129
Will you resist manipulation and Palpatineism when
dark forces try to trap you by causing doubt and fear in you
in order to use you for their own dark outcomes?
Will you remember that the gift of Level Five Listening is
the greatest gift you could give any human being, and that
you do not need unlimited amounts of money and resources
to cause the outcomes you are seeking in the world?
Will you remember that the mastery of The Formula is a
unique gift that makes you one of the rarest individuals in
the world, and your mastery of it makes you an immensely
powerful superhero, far more powerful than those you remember
from your childhood years?
Where will you go?
What will you do from here, with these newfound gifts,
skillsets, and superpowers?
Will it all be lost?
Will it wait here, on Seven Mile Beach, with the serene
ocean, colorful coral reef, magnificent sunsets, starry nights,
tiki torches, and rum punch filled coconuts until next year?
Or will you carry the superpowers forward, light the
way, and maybe share them with others, form your own Justice
League, and take your mission for good to the world?
You are far more powerful than you have ever dared to
imagine.
I have seen you fly.
I believe in you.
With absolute love for you, your dreams, your heart,
your soul, your integrity, and your superhero identity,
130 SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO
Nicole “Tink” Maiello
A special thanks to Sean Callagy for Unblinding me to
what life truly is, and through his Formula, even showing me
my purpose in it.



THE 7 LEVERS OF
MARKETING AND
SALES PROCESS
MASTERY:
________________________________
SEEING WHAT YOU DON’T
SEE ABOUT EXPONENTIALLY
GROWING YOUR MONEY,
TIME, AND MAGIC
SEAN CALLAGY
2 SEAN CALLAGY
The 7 Levers Of Marketing And Sales Process Mastery: Seeing
What You Don’t See About Exponentially Growing Your Money,
Time, and Magic
Copyright © 2023 by Sean Callagy
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or
transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission
from the author.
ISBN: 979-8-218-95270-9
Printed in USA by 48HrBooks (www.48HrBooks.com)
Table of Contents:
Chapter 1: Do We Need The 93,100,001st Google Result On
Exponentially Growing Your Money, Time, And Magic? .......... 5
Chapter 2: Why Are You Here? ............................................................. 9
Chapter 3: What If? ................................................................................. 27
Chapter 4: Relevant Truth, Masters And Dabblers: The
Choice ........................................................................................................... 29
Chapter 5: Heart And Math: The Perfect Marriage That
Almost Never Happens ......................................................................... 33
Chapter 6: A Formula? No, “The Formula” To See What You
Don’t See To Exponentially Grow Your Money, Time, And
Magic ............................................................................................................. 37
Chapter 7: Influence Mastery ............................................................. 47
Chapter 8: Self Mastery ......................................................................... 53
Chapter 9: Process Mastery ................................................................ 69
Chapter 10: An Overview Of The Seven Levers Of Marketing
And Sales Process Mastery .................................................................. 87
Chapter 11: Lever 0.5: Shared Experiences ................................. 93
Chapter 12: Lever 1: Ecosystem Mergers .................................. 111
Chapter 13: Lever 2: Speaking Engagements .......................... 119
Chapter 14: Lever 3: Sales Meetings ............................................ 125
Chapter 15: Lever 4: Sales ................................................................ 129
Chapter 16: Lever 5: Disposable Income ................................... 133
Chapter 17: Lever 6: Contribution ................................................ 137
Chapter 18: Lever 7: Fun And Magic ............................................ 143

Chapter 1:
__________________________________
Do We Need the 93,100,001st Google Result On
Exponentially Growing Your Money, Time,
And magic?
Quit.
Just quit.
I cannot live like this for another day.
Have you ever felt that way?
Do you feel that way?
I did.
I do.
It is 1997.
I am standing in a book store looking at a wall of books. I
am desperate.
In the Self-Help section of Walden books in Paramus Park
Mall in Paramus, New Jersey, there are hundreds of books on
how to be happier, make more money, build business, market,
and sell.
There are a few more now.
Googling “how do I grow my business with integrity and
make more money, in less time with greater fulfillment” produces
93,100,000 results.
Yes, ninety three million, one hundred thousand search results.
Start with Why, Awaken the Giant Within, Good to Great,
Chat GPT, Who Moved My Cheese, The One Minute Manager,
The Sticking Point Solution, Money Master the Game, The Only
Investment Guide You Will Ever Need, 99 Closing Techniques,
10x, Impossible to Inevitable, and ninety three million one
6 SEAN CALLAGY
hundred thousand more books.
I am just about one year into my profession as a barred
New Jersey attorney and six months or so since quitting what
I thought was my dream job at one of New Jersey’s most prestigious
law firms, when they offered me psychological counseling
for wanting to quit.
I am dead serious.
As I stand in Waldenbooks, I am thinking they are right.
I am also beginning to curse Tony Robbins and Jay Abraham.
As I look at their books and all the rest, I begin to think that
all of these people made money selling books and programs
and not building actual businesses.
How can they help me?
My motivation is gone. Desperation is present.
I am one hundred thousand dollars in debt from law
school. I have no relationships. I have no identity and no teammates.
I feel completely alone.
For me, though, there is no going back. I am going blind. I
will not be blind, broke, and an alcoholic like other family
members.
I will do this, or die trying…that is how I truly feel.
It is now the year 2000, just two short years after taking
the crazed leap off the cliff and starting my own law firm.
I stand atop my dream beach house. I am holding my
dream, my son Tyler, as tears pour down my face. My grandmothers,
aunts, uncles, cousins, and parents are standing atop
the beach house with me.
They were all wrong. It worked. I am grateful for all the
lessons my family taught me, of what to do and not to do, my
high school coaches and that Tony Robbins guy and that Jay
Abraham guy, along with a little-known author named Robert
Anthony. Well, here’s to drinking the snake oil chased by the
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 7
Kool-Aid.
Oh, and I want to quit tonight, like many nights, as I lost
this document because as I am now blind, and I did not see
that my twenty or so pages I had typed over the past two hours
were not typing, because the low battery message came on
and took me out of the document. Of course, being blind, I did
not notice that I was out of the document the whole time I was
typing.
The desire to quit never goes away.
More on the war of our linear, lying survival brain and our
exponential and even at times infinitely higher self.
Why write this book?
With ninety three million, one hundred thousand answers
to “how do I grow my business and make more money in less
time with more magic” answers, do we really need ninety
three million, one hundred thousand and one?
If I did not think so, I would not write this book.
I love life, fun, and adventure. My self-focused time is surfing,
skiing, scuba diving, working out, and spending time with my
children, family, and close friends. As a blind man, I am very
proud of myself for doing those things still.
I do not feel a lot of pride in the mastery I have developed in
understanding how to build, grow and scale business and
cause people to understand the superpower of human influence
with integrity.
I often feel like Rambo must have felt: I have a certain skill
set. It is not my favorite skill set to deploy, but I feel selfish if I
don’t do this and I would feel like I was not being loyal to and
serving my higher power if I did not do this.
We live in a world where everyone is a coach.
Here is the truth of what I believe to be the truth. People
8 SEAN CALLAGY
are beautiful souls. I know that at the core people are truly
good. I love people unconditionally, with boundaries. I believe
everything everyone does is an act of love or a cry for help. I
believe everyone is equally entitled to love, financial abundance,
joy, happiness, and everything this incredible world
has to offer.
I also know that there is a difference between Tom Brady
and all of the other quarterbacks. I know that Babe Ruth, Michael
Jordan, Muhammad Ali, Warren Buffett, Oprah Winfrey,
Tony Robbins, Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos, and many others have developed
a very different level of mastery than other humans.
It does not make them better people. It does make them
very capable of producing exponentially, and nearly infinitely
more powerful results in their marketing, selling, managing,
leading, recruiting, fundraising, and philanthropy than billions
of other humans.
What changed my life, is what changed Napoleon Hill’s and
Tony Robbins’ lives: figuring out what that meant.
And, just like the iPhone sought to disrupt the Blackberry,
to create more efficiency, that is what Unblinded and I have
set out to do for the world of personal development over the
past twenty-six years.
That is why I am here: to give people that which I easily
could have missed.
To support people in seeing what they do not see in raising
their money, time, and magic.
Now, why are you here...?
Chapter 2:
__________________________________
Why Are You Here?
Why are you reading this book and interested in seeing
what you don’t see about exponentially growing your money,
time, and magic? Actually, before we get to why you are reading
this, what did it take for you to get to this point? And I don't
just mean, whatever went on in your home before the moment
you picked up this book. I’m referring to what it takes to get
here to this place of wanting more and commitment to personal
and professional growth, from the time that you were
born until here and now.
And maybe it took many flights on airplanes, conquering
countless expected and unexpected life challenges, including
surviving issues and dynamics from your childhood. What did
it take during your grammar school years? Maybe for some of
you, those were extraordinary years. And for some of you, unfortunately,
they were far less than wonderful. Maybe it was
fortunate in the end. For some of us, we went through a journey
in our high school years. And for some of us, that journey
was remarkable and wonderful in almost every way, probably
for very few of us though. Perhaps your high school time was
really suboptimal, and maybe even a deeply painful period
that you wish you could forget.
But then we did something after high school. And for some
of us, we went to work. For some of us, we were finding ourselves.
Some of us went to college. Some of us did all three of
these things at the same time. And it was a journey. And, I
don't mean a plant medicine journey. But rather I mean, a different
kind of journey. Maybe for some it actually was a plant
10 SEAN CALLAGY
medicine journey, right? We made progress, and we moved
forward. We made magic happen. And things went well, and
things didn't go all that well. Just like in grammar school, and
just like in high school, there were ups and downs. And then
we progressed from there. Some of us are not that far removed
from those days. Most of us reasonably progressed from that
time. For some of us that was an ancient time ago.
So, what happened next? What was the journey next, on
the way to this today? After college, maybe it was four marriages
ago. Maybe it was 29 relationships ago. Maybe there
was tragedy. And maybe there was magic. Maybe it was a bit
of all of these things. And there was a journey of things that we
dreamt of, some dreams that we created and also others that
never came to fruition. And then we moved on, for most of us,
into our 30s. But then we kept progressing in our life journey.
And maybe it was two or three or four or five careers ago. Or
maybe this is the same one.
And all of those dynamics, the magic, the people, the relationships,
the family, the tears of pain, the tears of joy, the tragedy,
the heartbreak, all of that and everything you had to grow
through to bring yourself here to this point today was a part
of how you got here, reading this book. And we are immensely
grateful for your taking the time to commit to yourself. It is an
honor and a privilege. And we have done everything to deliver
for you, to have this be the greatest time of acceleration you've
ever experienced in your life for what you want. This is a space
of no judgment. This is a space of no expectation. If you're here
to learn, if you're here to rise any part of anything now, it is
loved and accepted.
Unblinded, what does it mean? It means to support and
guide people in seeing what they don't see. So, the root of our
time here together is going to be the unveiling of truth. But
there is a deeper promise here. That deeper promise is acceleration
and actualization. We're also here to make that
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 11
acceleration and actualization as specific and intentional as
we possibly can. The focus of this book is Process Mastery.
Process Mastery is one of three pillars in The Unblinded Results
Formula and it is the “what you do” portion of rising in
your money, your time, and your magic or achieving any outcome
in your business and your life.
Let’s drop into the pillar of Self Mastery for a moment. I
guarantee, you're going to feel tired, frustrated, and restless
as you grow and build your dreams. I say this as an example of
what's possible. I'm going to tell you the things I do great, and
I'll tell you the things I do just okay, I'll tell you the things I do
suboptimally. I don't really sweat unless I exercise heavily and
I believe that's part of a Self Mastery dynamic. I don't get hot,
and I don't get cold, because I refuse to even accept those paradigms.
It is possible. As you are dealing with frustrations, the
solution to so much of the friction that results, lies in our Self
Mastery. It is all the byproduct of what we choose to focus on.
Tony Robbins taught me that 25 years ago, and even before
that my high school athletic coaches taught me a language
called focus. I remember the time when I was in a martial arts
course. I took three years in martial arts pretty intensely, very
intensely, actually. And I practiced for years on my own after
that time period. In that course, I took one segment for about
three months, with an instructor who was a very unpleasant
person. He behaved and coached as though he was straight out
of Cobra Kai from the movie Karate Kid. With great pride and
joy, he would brag about beating people up and punching people
in the face at bars. So, this was not enjoyable, and definitely
not a good influence for me.
But in modeling, which we're going to talk a lot about in
this book, there was one thing he gave me to model that was
absolutely extraordinary when he was putting us through the
most extreme, challenging dynamics, and I do mean extreme.
He would scream things like “Don't show me your pain. Don't
12 SEAN CALLAGY
show me your pain.” Now, you could do whatever you want
with this. But what he was really saying was “Don't beg me to
go lighter on you.” It was an incredibly interesting dynamic
and a breakthrough for me because I noticed I would look up
at him a lot. I wanted him to see how hard I was working, how
committed I was, and how significant the toll it was taking on
me was. I wanted to show that I'm committed and I'm doing
the things he is coaching me to do. But I learned that I don't
need that from him. And you don't need that from anyone either.
As we progress, we'll talk a lot about heart in this book and
the balancing of how heart and math show up in our Marketing
and Sales Process Mastery will be a very individualized decision.
Everything you're going to decide, decide intentionally
because we all got here from somewhere and those somewheres
put tons of conditioning into our nervous system
about lots of things that we will unpack here.
Within the Unblinded Results Formula, this content is going
to focus 80% on Process Mastery, 10% on Self Mastery,
and 10% on Influence Mastery. We are always in all three pillars
at the same time, because all three are crucial for success.
The three pillars are not sequential. They are simultaneous.
And as we learn things, we have to learn them in bits and
steps, but to also remember the context that they all fit together.
Our first work here is to support you in getting
grounded in truth. We're going to look at facts. When we look
at money facts, we're also going to look at time facts. And we'll
look at magic facts, how happy people are, how depressed
people are, how much time people work, and how much
money people make in different professions. And we're going
to talk about the gravitational pull that exists toward these
numbers, how massively accumulated these sections of people
are. We will also discuss change.
Looking ahead, we're going to have an amazing, incredible
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 13
time asking the question of how fast you actually want to go.
Because that's different for everyone reading this. That
sounds so overwhelming, I know. But you're going to choose
your speed very intentionally, and we have fun names for the
speeds. Maybe you're in the category of Balance. Maybe you're
in Accelerator. Maybe you're in Warrior, or maybe you're in
Moonshot. And maybe you’re in the category of Now or Later.
In each of those categories, we came up with a beautiful way
of bifurcating that decision so that you feel really comfortable
knowing where you are within them.
The purpose is not to compare yourself to anyone. If
you're in Balance in the category of Acceleration, you should
not be comparing yourself to someone in the Moonshot category.
We're currently in the Moonshot category here at Unblinded.
Now, very few people are in Moonshot right now, so
don't compare yourself with the speed and the hours that
someone else is putting in. Do compare yourself in terms of
your own process and influence mastery, relative to your category.
What can you expect as we delve deeper into this content?
It's going to be very powerful, and very grounding. Then,
we'll discuss facts, the truth about the world, about gravity,
and about escape velocity, because some people hit that escape
velocity, and do escape gravity in their money, time, and
magic.
We’ll explore who you are. I'll briefly share my story, and
how I made very intentional decisions about my life not being
average, and not being gravitationally restricted, about hitting
escape velocity, and how we got here.
Then, we’ll explore the fact that there is a growth and fixed
mindset challenge, a very real challenge, and the necessity of
understanding that there is a formula that is controlling your
money, your time, and the magic in your life.
We will discuss the challenges of the myths that destroy
14 SEAN CALLAGY
our acceleration. That section will be a beautiful grounding in
the elements of the Formula and Process Mastery, as well as
Self Mastery as it relates to our time here together and overall.
There is a chapter focused on the pillar of Influence Mastery
which will focus on integrously going from hello to yes
with any individual.
And as we drive this forward there will be a section focused
on numbers, math, leakage, and exponential reality,
with some very real examples.
When we are complete, you will have an Unblinding perspective
of truth. You may want to turn away from the truth.
But it will be extraordinarily difficult for you to turn away
from the truth in earnest. In the same way, it's tough to turn
away from a scale and say the scale was wrong or off. The scale
was a scale. It did not lie.
As you read this book, take every section of Marketing and
Sales Process Mastery, break it down, and not only study the
distinctions of mastery in it, but also make intentional decisions,
move forward, and work on your space, your platform,
your shared experiences, your pricing, the value, you're committed
to changing in the dynamics around who your ideal
ecosystem partners are, stages and clients.
Focus on what your value proposition to create partnerships
is. What is your value proposition with your clients for
and around them?
We're going to ground in the fact that there are four parts
of Process Mastery:
1. Modeling
2. Time Blocking
3. Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring
4. Innovation and Optimization (vertical and horizontal)
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 15
Those four pieces we will understand like we understand
our name. We will see them everywhere. And we will consistently
optimize our mastery in them.
Now, let’s do an exercise to get very clear on why you are
here.
This exercise is about your primary outcome right now.
Are you here for more money? Are you here for more time?
Are you here for more magic? And the answer is going to be
yes, all of them combined. So, let's think about what that looks
like. Be taking notes like crazy, writing these answers down,
and driving outcomes forward as you read this.
How much money do you make right now? What are you
on pace to make this year? What's the number you're committed
to making? This year? Next year? What change do you
want to make, if any? You might be thinking, I don't need to
make any change in terms of my money. It's not why I’m reading
this book.
But are you planning to just stay at the same number, or
would you like to reach a different number? How much
money? What is your net worth?
Do a quick calculation.
During this calculation, the cortisol that may come up, or
the complete pride that may come up, is fully alterable and all
within your control.
Decide what you want your income to be 10 years from
now. What are you committed to your income being? And
what are you committed to your net worth being in 10 years?
This is not, by the way, a goal-setting exercise. We're going
to come back and do more with this. This is just a quick
grounding exercise. We're not going through all the aspirational
dynamics right now.
And then just to put a little bit of emotion to it, why do you
want that money? Why do you want that net worth? What do
you want to create with it? Do you just want to feel more
16 SEAN CALLAGY
relaxed? Do you want to feel more empowered? Do you want
to feel more decisive? Do you want to feel more love? So, now
you think money and love are connected? Maybe they are for
you. Not sure? What things do you want to create? Do you have
the home you want to be in? Do you want to be in a home?
What differential do you want to see in your home? What second
home or third home or fourth home? Or fifth home? What
do you seek and desire this year? And over the course of these
next 10 years?
What does it look like?
Where is it? And most importantly, how does it feel? When
you're in the space, how does it feel?
When I stand on the roof deck of the physical embodiment
of my personal development journey, my first beach home in
Long Beach Island, I feel the most overwhelming sense of gratitude
and connection to God. I feel love. I feel heart. I feel soul.
I feel family. I feel all of those things. When I stand on that roof
deck, which I'm committed to doing every time I go to the
house, and every time before I leave the house, I commit to
never forget the grounding and gratitude.
What is that feeling for you? What might that feeling be for
you? Do cars matter to you? Do you want a plane? Maybe you
want a boat. I went to Monaco for a Tony Robbins Platinum
Partnership trip in 2018. We went to the Monaco Yacht Club.
It was one of the craziest experiences of my life. Tyler, my son,
was there with me. There was a party at the yacht club that
night. Tony closed it off for his own private event. That's just
a completely ridiculous thing to be able to do, and he did.
We're there walking around and the first yacht we saw was
unbelievable. It was about a 150-foot-long yacht. I said to Tyler,
“this is completely nuts.” And he responded, “Dad, there's
one behind it.” We go near it. This next one is about 240 feet
long. It dwarfs the first yacht completely. Ridiculous, right?
But even if I'm thinking, “Who needs a boat this big?! This is
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 17
absolutely crazy.” We could all say these things about people.
Is it right to judge? We walk a little further and there is a 360-
foot yacht. It’s longer than a football field, and this yacht has
three helicopters on it!
I say to Tyler, “you know, pal, the guy that owns the 150-
foot yacht felt really good. Until the 240-foot yacht pulled up
next to them, right? And that person who owns the 240-foot
yacht felt really great until the 360-foot yacht with three helicopters
pulled in.”
Just so we're grounded and present in this, I don't think
that anything that anyone else has should ever be something
that makes us feel badly or envious. Tony Robbins talks about
six human needs and envy is a subset of the need for significance.
This is about the dynamic of our being able to enjoy and
feel great things for people and not have to feel the need to
judge them. What if we let go of all of our judgment and instead
look at that accomplishment and say “Wow, it is extraordinary
that a human being could put together their life in a
way to create that.”
And it's also extraordinary that a human being could put
their life together in a way like my grandparents did, to create
the enormous amount of love in their family, so much so that
I still talk about my grandmother and grandfather as some of
the foundational principles of everything that I do to this day.
Their love was so powerful, and they were so successful, only
having made $25,000 in their highest income year of their life
combined, despite my grandfather’s blindness, that I decided
to buy two beach houses 200 yards away from their original
home, and commit to my grandfather that his and my grandmother’s
home would never be outside of our family, that it
would always be their home.
There are many ways to define our life and to define success.
If we're not grounded in that, then we can't possibly
move through our Marketing and Sales Process Mastery
18 SEAN CALLAGY
effectively and efficiently. Because we would have no idea
what it's all about.
I submit to you that your life is one context and your business
is a component of that context. The key takeaway is that
all of it is actually one context. It's all interrelated. And the
more we see all of it as interrelated, the more we have the ability
to drive it forward.
Your money does feed your time and your magic. It produces
those abilities. Think about how much money you want
or don't want and what your beliefs are about money overall.
Those are all very individualized choices, which you're making
today. We're going to give you some frameworks for how
to make those decisions in the next section. But for now, you
have some ideas about how much money you want to make
now, this year, and how much you are presently making.
How much money do you want to make in 10 years? What
is your net worth now? What do you want your net worth to
be at the end of the year? What do you want your net worth to
be in 10 years, and in your lifetime? What do you want your
legacy to be?
What about time? How much time are you working? Right
now? Each week? Overall? Five hours a week? Who could do
that? Lots of people. Tony Robbins owns 100 companies. Imagine
you spent five hours a week on each company. I don't
think he's doing that, right? So, how much time are we spending
working right now? How much time do you want to be
working by the end of the year? Now, when you're answering
this question, it should be a quick answer. We will make very
intentional decisions about your time blocking in later sections.
That is one of the top four outcomes. We will get to
where you are in your time blocking. Your answer in this section
will not be final. But as you're doing this, do see the context,
the interrelationship between your money today, end of
the year, within 10 years, and in your lifetime. It is all
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 19
connected to how much time you're working this year.
The progression of this mission we're doing with Unblinded
was something that I decided to do 20 plus years ago.
What I defined as success during my children's growing up
years, was in direct conflict with this Unblinded mission. It
was in direct conflict with how many human beings I would be
able to reach in this mission. And so, at that time I chose a direction
to be present for my kids.
And people say “that's really nice that you chose to do
that.” I don't know, maybe it was selfish. Maybe Oprah’s
choices were better choices for the world, and for her serving
God. Because she didn't coach every sports team for her kids.
In fact, she does not have kids. She didn't do the things that I
did. I don't know the answer. I just know, that's the choice I
made. And I don't think it's better or less, but it was intentional.
And I'm incredibly grateful I did. I have zero regrets.
And I'm sure she has no regrets either. This is about intentionality.
It's about serving our hearts and really exploring our
heart as we make these decisions, because these are the things
I focus on when I'm thinking about doing things that I don't
feel like doing. This is what I focus on when I’m feeling things
I don't want to feel, when I feel uncomfortable or afraid.
I think of how I waited 15 years to do this and build this
Unblinded mission to bring this Formula to the world. I'm doing
this now and I’m fully committed and focused. I don't care
when someone says “you just had an aortic dissection. You
could have died.” I'll die in the process of building this if that's
what it's supposed to be. I've made my commitment. I've won
my trophies. I've lived my life. I'm incredibly grateful. My kids
are set generationally. This is the mission. This is the purpose.
I am in moonshot, now. I will work 90 or 100 hours per week
to do this. That is my solid and unwavering commitment. It is
unbelievable, unshakable and nothing will change my mind.
It's intentional, and we're intentional about what we decide to
20 SEAN CALLAGY
do each day. We tend to get our outcomes at an exponentially
different level.
And there's no judgement about any of these choices for
anyone. Right now, we're going to make some decisions about
where you truly are.
Moving on to time. How much time are you working? How
much time do you want to be working this year? Remember,
it relates to your money and magic. It all relates. And it's not
permanent. This is not a permanent commitment. I am not
permanently committed to working 90 to 100 hours per week.
I am committed to doing that until we reach certain milestones
in our growth, which we are beautifully, swiftly moving
toward. I used to coach 100% of people in the Unblinded program.
I now coach about 40% of coaching clients. That change
has been intentional from day one and it takes time.
You will be met with resistance in this time dynamic, particularly
from people who love you, because people who love
you also want things from you. True or False? Right. They will
say things like “How are you working this much? You said it
will not be like this? This is not what it was going to look like?”
Yeah, okay, so I thought maybe we'd be less than 90 hours a
week sooner. Yes, I thought that, but that's because we had
certain leakages and we could not define and close them. For
all of us, there's an interconnection between how much time
we work. And you don't have to accept anything I share. But
perhaps when you commit to this, give yourself a graduation
date.
We give ourselves graduation dates, and numbers that tell
us when we graduate, nobody else, nothing else. We graduate
when we hit the outcome, not before. There isn't a feeling of
we graduated, rather there's a fact of we graduated. Achieving
my dream beach house was a fact. I went away to Grand Cayman
for three weeks, in the beginning of the 2000s, when I had
my law firm operating a certain level of income. I had my
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 21
beach house and had a certain amount of money in the bank
and that for me indicated a time to graduate. I was able to go
away on vacation for three weeks, with no cell phone, no communication,
and nothing related to work. I had become a business
owner, not operator. I decided, factually what that
graduation benchmark would be and drove toward it. I proved
it.
I created a plan to go teach the world how to do this. Now
that we have covered money and time, let's talk about magic.
What is magic for you? It may be reading, or something as simple
as watching a Netflix series. Maybe it is body surfing.
Maybe it's surfing 100 days in a year. Maybe it's building a
hospital in a third-world country. Maybe it's working one day
a week in a soup kitchen. Maybe it's like my mom did, going
once a week to prison and doing Bible study for 10 years.
Maybe it's being able to donate a certain amount of clothing or
gather a certain amount of clothing to donate. What is that
magic for you? Maybe it's the ability to take your family on vacation.
Maybe it's the ability to take a vacation by yourself.
Maybe it's the ability for the first time to go on a liveaboard
dive trip to Palau and Yap and scuba dive with shipwrecks and
manta rays. Maybe magic for you is to get up on a stage and
talk in front of 5,000 people.
Maybe magic is to have your own platform where you're
speaking daily. Maybe magic for you is that you own a farm
where you can save horses. What's the magic for you that is
happening right now? What magic did you create already in
your life? And maybe you literally have all the magic that you
want. Are you just sitting in that magic, living and experiencing
it, fully enjoying it? Are you just reading this for the fun of
learning? That's cool, too. It's amazing, actually. Congratulations.
And maybe that magic is something that's out there still.
And what if we can enjoy and experience our magic today and
just love what we're doing?
22 SEAN CALLAGY
What are those things in magic now and later for you?
Those dynamics occur in a sequence, and the sequence goes
like this. If we don't have the money that we want, that we are
absolutely bottom-line committed to, we will be focused on
that number. And we will give up time and magic for that
money. So, the question is, is money your top priority right
now? It is if would you answer yes to this question. Would I
work ten hours more per week to make X dollars? If there is
an amount of time you would invest to make more money,
then money is your current priority. And none of this comes
with any degree of judgment. It's not good or bad. In your
nervous system, if you would work more hours for a certain
amount of money, then you would take money over time.
We all want all three, money, time, and magic, but in a priority
order. This priority order will inform our time blocking
later. This will be a direct corollary to how you use your time
blocking if there's an amount of money that you will work for.
Now, if the answer is no, then your priority is either time or
magic.
Time is your priority if you would say no to the same
question, we asked about money in terms of magic. If there's
no amount of time you would work to make any more money,
money is not your priority.
So, the next question is, would you create or would you invest
more time for magic? Is there something you would put
in X amount of time for Y amount of magic? Would you work
five extra hours per week? Would you invest five hours per
week doing something to create more magic? If the answer is
yes, then time is not your ultimate priority. And I mean, commit
to it completely.
If someone asked me to go back a number of years ago, to
commit to being on a sports board, to commit to being on a
regular consistent interval of doing something charitably, my
answer was an emphatic no. For a decade of my life, the
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 23
answer was no because for me, at that point, I had the magic
and love I wanted, I had the money I wanted, and time was
what I wanted. I wanted time to choose to do whatever the hell
I wanted to do. I was not committing to anything that would
take my time. Nothing was coming into that space, other than
the things for my kids. Time for my kids was the magic. I was
all in committed to that and there was nothing else you could
get me to commit to doing.
Magic was a priority, but time was the ultimate priority for
a period. And then that changed, when in walked a situation
where someone had a legal case, they were suicidal, and we
were there to potentially save their life. Then, all of a sudden,
time became not quite as important as saving this person’s life
and helping them legally. The magic of that possibility stepped
into my space. So, your priorities can change.
Is there an amount of time that you would invest for more
magic in your life? If yes, then it's not time as your top priority.
If the answer is no, and you would not invest any more time
for money, you would not invest any more time for magic, then
time is the top priority for you.
If you wouldn't invest time for money, but you would invest
time for magic, then magic is your top priority. And that
magic could be anything. It could be two or three different
things. One thing, 15 things, but you are magic driven.
You should now have a perspective on your priorities of
money, time, and magic right now that's a little sharper than
when you began reading. Be in your heart, feeling the power
of the possibility of creating that money and/or that time
and/or that magic, whatever that priority sequencing is for
you.
Now the question becomes “at what speed.” These are the
four categories we selected. This is just an approximation. It's
like a space. A division line doesn't mean something absolute.
We will tell you the things that are absolute. When I tell you
24 SEAN CALLAGY
random networking is mathematically insane if you actually
want it to drive your money, that statement I will defend to
the death. These categories I will not. They're rough approximations
that are fun.
The first category is Balance. Balance for us is going to
mean that you're going to invest 40 hours a week or less on
your business, or businesses. And then, we came up with a little
fun subdivision inside of Balance. And we said Now or
Later. Nineteen or less is later. And twenty or more is now. So,
in each of these four groupings, we're going to divide them in
half, half in now and half in later.
If you're in Balance, you are going to work 40 hours per
week, no more. And then if it's 19 or less hours per week,
you're in like Balance later. That category would really be if
you just have life flowing. It's in a beautiful spot and this is
what you're choosing to do. And it is totally right for you as
long as it is right for what you actually desire and where your
outcomes lie, as long as you've made intentional decisions.
Is it Balance for you? And if so, is it working zero to 19
hours per week? Or is it 20 to 40 hours? If it's zero to 19 hours,
you are in Balance Later, if it's 20 to 40 hours you're in Balance
Now.
Our second category we call Accelerator. You’re in Accelerator
if you're working 41 to 59 hours per week. 41 to 49
hours would be Balance Later. It's the lower end of Accelerator.
50 to 59 hours per week we call Accelerator Now, at the
higher end of Accelerator. Is that you?
The third category is Warrior. That dynamic is going to be
working 60 to 69 hours per week to be in Warrior Later, and
working 70 to 79 hours per week to be in Warrior Now.
Our final category is Moonshot. If you’re in this category,
you’re all in with your chips timewise. It involves full-time
commitment. You’re in the Moonshot Later category if you are
working 80 to 89 hours per week, and Moonshot Now if you
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 25
are working 90 hours plus per week.
Who are you? Which category do you fall into? Take one
minute and really digest this. Ask yourself where you truly are
within these categories. This is crucial to figure out because
we're going to evaluate time blocking within the seven levers
intensely, meaningfully with fun, based on these answers.
Your answers here will inform these decisions. And you may
of course change your category as you read on and delve
deeper into the content, discovering new things about yourself
and your business.
You're going to feel new things throughout this content, as
truth is revealed to you about the choices. There is a pacing
and a speed of dynamics that must occur which will determine
the category you're going to be in and you'll understand even
more about that as we progress. But just on a heart level,
where are you within these categories?
And, before we get to Heart and Math, let’s explore the
question of “What if?”.
“What if,” as in to actually achieve the money, time, and
magic of your wildest dreams.

Chapter 3:
__________________________________
What If?
What if?
What if there is a secret?
What if we are much more like our heroes than we have
ever believed?
What if we all walked around with the ability to impact the
world like Lincoln, Washington, Oprah, Mother Teresa, Nelson
Mandela, Muhammad Ali, Batman, James Bond, Bill Gates,
Warren Buffett, Wonder Woman, Margaret Thatcher, or any
other hero, leader, or influencer, real or fictional; that we have
ever loved or encountered?
What if we could be a force for good and make the world
an even greater place?
What if we have that same power to influence and impact
our friends, families, and ourselves to experience more consistent
magic, love, gratitude, growth, contribution, fun, fulfillment,
and abundance than we have ever dared to dream?
What if there is a secret to accomplish this?
What if the secret is a bit more complex than wishing and
believing, or merely some motivation or inspiration, but far
more assured to bring you your breakthroughs and dreams?
What if you are more capable, powerful, and important to
this world than you can imagine?
What if you are unaware and blind to how many lies and
false limitations you believe in because they have just quietly
and insidiously seeped into your mind, heart and soul?
What if people who love you and who are beautiful souls,
taught and conditioned you unknowingly, to believe in those
28 SEAN CALLAGY
lies and false limitations that stand between you, your greatest
self, your contributions to the world, and your dreams?
What if these lies and false limitations you believe in also
came to you from bullies on the playground, in the classroom,
and on the athletic fields, as well as your favorite TV shows,
movies, songs, and “news” deliverers?
What if these lies you believe also came from betrayals?
What if some of those betrayals were ones we committed
against ourselves? What if you are blind, don’t know it, and
can’t see what you can’t see?
What if you had a path to being “Unblinded” and to having
20/20 Vision?
What if part of you wants to believe, but another part of
you is too afraid and connected to the lies and false limitations
that have been conditioned into you?
What if it would hurt too much to realize that so much
more was always available right there in front of you... hiding
in plain sight?
What if you’re afraid people you love won’t love you if you
are “Unblinded” and can see?
What if you’ve believed and just can’t find a way to do it
again, and you just don’t want to deal with the pain?
What if you have everything you need inside?
What if you just need a map, a formula, and the truth?
What if you can have more money?
What if you can have more time?
What if growing personally, professionally, and financially
are completely predictable and achievable?
What if you can have more magic, passion, fulfillment,
love, adventure, belief, confidence, fire, aspiration, transcendence,
fun, bliss, ecstasy, and every other feeling you want?
What if there is a formula that is THE Formula of formulas
to predictably create all of this? What if?
Chapter 4:
__________________________________
Relevant Truth, Masters and Dabblers:
The Choice
The search for truth. Not just any truth, but relevant truth.
This is how our judicial system is often described. It leaves
room for immense debate, glorious victories, horrific defeats,
manipulation, and/or love.
That is a lot. And, it is Relevant Truth.
Frequently, the search for truth that exists is associated
with the system. It is all of science and life. We have even come
to debate science in our modern world. What do we mean by
science? Is it really science?
For our purposes, and we will expound greatly on these
concepts in another work, we will define truth as that which
is objectively provable. It is provable that a bird is a bird, or at
least that we are looking at something that we have come to
agree is named a bird.
It is also provable that you are whoever you are. When you
were born, your parents named you, and if they have not
changed your name, or you have not legally changed your
name, then our culture has decided that is your name.
An example of something that is not provable could be a
statement like “He is good” or “She is mean.” These are very
general statements of beingness that are subjective and not
objectively provable.
Our mastery of distinguishing between the objective and
subjective, as well as possibilities and probabilities, are the
building blocks of the search for relevant truth and heart and
math’s relationship to exponentially rising your money, time,
and magic. through the prism of the Unblinded Formula.
30 SEAN CALLAGY
Mastery knows certain relevant truths. These include:
1. The Master knows that he or she objectively
knows far, far less than there is to ultimately know
about everything.
2. We do not know more than we know, even for areas
in which we have our highest degrees of mastery.
3. The Master knows that he or she optimally executes
on a tiny fraction of what he or she actually
knows.
4. The Master knows that the difference between
“yes” or “no” in assessing the qualities of mastery
is preposterously less accurate and optimal than a
Scale of Mastery that rises exponentially as you
rise up that scale.
The Master knows many more things, but let’s start here.
The Dabbler does not seek relevant truth. Instead, the Dabbler often
stands in falsehood.
The Dabbler believes “I know” when of course the Dabbler does
not know.
The Dabbler believes “I am doing that,” when of course the Dabbler
is NOT doing “that.”
A beautiful example of this is my friend, who we will refer to as
Tarzan.
Tarzan had become king of the jungle of a certain area of
healthcare, both in the quality of patient results and in revenue and
profit.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 31
There were two leaders of an ecosystem of his type of healthcare
providers, which we will call “guides” in our metaphorical analogy.
The guides asked “How did you master this jungle?”
Tarzan responded, “It is simple. There are two things. The first is
how I treat the animals,” which were his patients.
The guides responded, “Oh, great customer service! YES, we do
that!”
Tarzan said, “Well, not exactly. There is more to it.”
The guides responded “No, no, no, we know that and do that.”
Tarzan said, “Well enough.”
“What's the second thing?” the guides asked.
Tarzan responded, “It is how I lead my team of natives,” his employees.
The Dabbling guides excitedly answered the Master, Tarzan, “We
do that tooo!!!!” They were so proud, so happy, and so certain in
confirming their certainty.
The Dabbler guides insisted, “We have great management processes.”
Tarzan said, “Well, in mastering leading your teams…”
The Dabbler guides said, “WE DO THAT.”
Tarzan stated, “With the empathy, respect, precision, and directness
of a true Master? Well, then, I guess you are getting the same
results that I am in ruling, in you being King of your jungles.
Thank you for our five-minute meeting, and for driving over an
hour to come to my home.”
The Dabbler guides are stunned. “That’s it?!?”, they protest.
“Yes. You know and do the two things. You told me so, emphatically.
I have no more value to provide for you.”
The Dabbler guides who earned about one eighteenth of Tarzan,
less than two percent of what Tarzan earned, and had net worths
32 SEAN CALLAGY
of less than one percent of Tarzan’s, left confused, frustrated, and
completely disappointed.
The moral: The Dabbler does not seek relevant truth. The
Dabbler seeks to feel significant, to be right, and to be certain
of both.
Who do you choose to be?
Of course, you will say the Master.
Who, as portrayed in this chapter, would ever want to be
a Dabbler?
The truth, however, is that more than ninety-nine percent
of people are more Dabbler than Master AND we are all Master
and Dabbler at times. The question is, “Which are we most of
the time and where is our Dabbling and lack of behaving masterfully
destroying our dreams?”.
For a moment, let’s do a bit of self-assessment.
1. Which are you committed to most overall?
2. In what areas do you show up most as a Master?
3. In what areas do you show up most as a Dabbler?
Let’s focus on:
Marketing
Selling
Leading
Managing
Recruiting
Finance
Health
Fitness
Chapter 5:
__________________________________
Heart And Math: The Perfect Marriage That
Almost Never Happens
Mastery is a simultaneous heart and math game of increasing
flow and decreasing leakage in the Formula. It is controlling
our money, time, and magic.
No heart or math, and nothing happens sustainably.
“Do you believe in miracles…Yes!!!” Al Michael exclaims in
the final five seconds of the United States’ victory over the Soviet
Union in the 1980 Olympics, the greatest sports upset in
the history of organized sports.
Heart and Math were present.
“We swore, blood brothers against the wind. Now, I’m
ready to grow young again.” Bruce Springsteen sang in his
song No Surrender from the 1984 album Born in the USA.
It is 1986 in the woods behind the Vilano school in Emerson,
New Jersey.
My high school football teammates and I, inspired by No
Surrender, are literally becoming blood brothers.
A pocket knife, bandanas, and sharing blood.
We, much like the Miracle On Ice team, have come together
for a common purpose, driven by heart and actualized
through math.
Our purpose: win the League and State Championship,
honor our town, and carry on the legacy of the Emerson Cavos,
the red, white, and black which we bleed together.
One of the great challenges that exists in professional development,
the corporate world of big business, law, accounting,
and finance, is the absence of heart.
34 SEAN CALLAGY
A challenge that exists in the world of personal development
is the absence of math.
Both are incomplete journeys to the mastery of money,
time, and magic.
What do we mean by heart and math?
Heart is the driving force, the fuel of our mission, our vision,
and our purpose. It shapes and informs our Why and it
keeps us fueled toward that Why. It is something larger than
ourselves and it is ourselves at the same time.
Without heart, no leader, and no team, no person can sustainably
achieve anything.
The heart bonds. The heart creates and maintains affinity,
love, connection, and the binding agents of all movements,
from the individual journey of faith, weight loss, financial success,
or anything to the group dynamics of building something,
whether it is in athletics, politics, philanthropy, or success of
any kind with a group.
When heart is absent, things become purely transactional.
Exponentiality and longevity are lost, or at least heavily
leaking without heart.
On the other hand, the absence of math means that the
journey is leaking guidance, direction, growth, measurement,
and all of the rest of the necessary counterparts to succeed.
No heart, no stepping into the weight room. No math,
strength does not improve.
Leakage in either one and the team is substantially off.
It is the same for marketing, selling, managing, leading, recruiting,
fundraising, for profit, or not for profit.
Our work is driven by heart through math.
The coming chapters will describe what math.
Process Mastery calls for math.
The Seven Levers are the math, driven by the heart of fun
and magic.
Exponential reality, leakage, everything that we're
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 35
teaching is about a simultaneous heart and math game. When
you have things leaking out, at any level, you lose massive
traction toward exponential reality. An incredibly powerful
example of that can be seen in a business or individual’s
money, and this also reigns true in our marketing, selling,
identity and all things we can rise in.
I was recently at the Tony Robbins Platinum Financial
Trip. Tony did an exercise where he taught about the power of
compounding and doubling one dollar to get to one million
dollars. He doubled the dollar eighteen times and eventually
got to one million. Then, he asked the question of “What if you
took 33% out at each doubling?”.
I am 99% sure, if I'm remembering correctly, it was the
unfathomable number of 28,000, just by taking out a third at
each level. The whole point of our work together and the decreasing
leakage piece of everything we're doing, is to realize
that the difference in our marketing, our compounding, our
salesmen, each of these seven levers that we're going to be exploring
and evaluating, that the output at the end could be the
difference between 20,000 and a million dollars. It could be
the difference between 100,000 and 5 million dollars.
It doesn't feel that way, because our brains are not designed
to think in exponential reality. We function in a very
linear way of thinking. As a result, we think that as our day
passes, if we don't have a shared experience platform, if we
don't have our own speaking platform, it's not a big deal, when
in actuality, it’s the difference between thousands, millions,
10s of millions, and maybe even more dollars and units of impact.
It is an incalculable and exponential difference.
Realize that there is a massive hole in the piping. If you
turn on the faucet and it just drips water, do you think your
faucet is working appropriately? I don't think so. This is the
result of a leakage and a missing pipe. As a result, water drips
instead of water flowing. It's not emotional. It's not a big deal.
36 SEAN CALLAGY
It's just that the pipes don't work.
If the Seven Levers of Marketing and Sales Process Mastery
are off, and the piping is all clogged at some level, the
question at first is whether or not you have all the pipes in
place. Then we can talk about how clogged the pipes are or are
not.
In summary, heart and math is foundational. Miss either
one and you will have massive, or even complete leakage.
Now, let’s begin to expand on heart and math.
It’s time for another self-assessment.
What is the meaning of “heart and math”?
Where might there be leakage?
Where might you be missing pipes?
What would making the changes in your business’ piping cause
for you?
What actions can you take today, this week, this month, and this
year in order to optimize your heart and math game of increasing
flow and decreasing leakage?
Chapter 6:
__________________________________
A Formula? No, “The Formula” To See What You
Don’t See To Exponentially Grow Your Money,
Time, And Magic
This book is written and this Formula was created in
service of your dreams, breakthroughs, and crushing your fear
and distortion - whatever they may be. It is written in and with
love, from my heart and soul.
I have spent almost fifty years and millions of dollars acquiring,
discovering, and developing this access to more
money, more time, and more magic and fulfillment.
I boldly, and with certainty, assert that few people on
Earth have ever more consistently and more deeply explored
the question of why people do and do not get what they “truly”
want for themselves and for those that they love.
This is written in a way to maximize the likelihood that
you will learn, accept, and act upon the Unblinded Results Formula
as the mechanism to achieve any outcomes and dreams
you are committed to co-creating for those closest to you, the
world, and yourself. My experience has been that giving personal
context for the progression, as well as glimpses into external
examples, supports you in seeing the extraordinary and
remarkable value of what we are discussing. Said differently,
we learn at least in part through stories and examples.
As Bruce Springsteen, one of the greatest storytellers and
influencers of our generation says: “It all begins with the
setup.” When we discuss the Formula, you will have some context
for a series of new, and potentially somewhat foreign
words and concepts.
38 SEAN CALLAGY
“Why?
How will he live?
How will he ever have, let alone support, a family?
These were the questions my beautiful, loving, and terrified
mom asked herself, in 1975, at the age of 27. She had just
learned that I, then just her five-year-old little boy, would go
blind.
My mom had watched her father, a proud, powerful, smart,
and loving man suffer in so many ways. Pop, as I called him,
hid his blindness as much as he could. It was never discussed.
It made him scared, angry, and desperate.
My grandfather became so desperate to cure himself that he
started experimenting on himself. Pop started taking 100,000
milligrams of Vitamin A per day, amongst other things. He
eventually had a stroke at the age of 50 and nearly died. He
fought back.
He always fought.
He was my idol as a child, and certainly still is one for me to
this day. And, my mom was terrified that his life of pain was
my future.
What if, however, my mom, with all of her love and perfect vision,
was actually the one who was blind?”
* * * * *
We are all blind. We are blind to our capabilities in different
areas. We are blind to the fact that we have every tool and
resource around us to achieve our dreams.
When I say dreams, you might not be able to be President,
be with one specific person, or make a billion dollars tomorrow.
But you can contribute massively and feel like being President
would make you feel.
You can also increase your odds of being President by
100,000 percent if that is your desired outcome.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 39
You can find an incredible relationship with an incredible
person, and maintain it, because people do, who follow the
Formula.
You can also, eventually, become a billionaire.
It is all learning, then execution, then mastery.
You can double your income this year. You can 10x your
relationship capital this year, preparing yourself for exponential
growth in the years to come.
Let’s go on the journey of where it all began together.
LET’S START WITH THESE QUESTIONS:
1. What are your dreams?
2. What are your greatest obstacles to achieving them?
3. What will it cost you, and how will you feel if you never
overcome these obstacles and never achieve your
dreams for your family, the world, and yourself?
Are these questions that you even ask yourself? If so, how
often?
With those questions in play, what, if any, is your current
formula to give yourself the greatest likelihood of achieving
your dreams?
Said differently, what is the specific bridge between where
you are and where you desire to be in every area of your life?
How do you relate to learning, growth, mastery, and
change?
The objective of these questions is to support your access
to exponential growth to higher and higher levels of mastery
at the micro-distinction level.
Your time is valuable, so, let us begin…
The Unblinded Results Formula is THE formula of formulas
to help you select and achieve everything that you truly
want and need in your life (i.e., more money, more time, and
more magic). Yes, magic!
40 SEAN CALLAGY
I have studied personal development for over 25 years
and synthesized and innovated on this Formula for more than
two decades that you can utilize to create your breakthroughs
and dreams and crush fear and distortion.
The Formula breaks into two basic parts:
1. Deciding what the outcome is.
2. Applying the three components of the Formula – Process
Mastery, Influence Mastery, and Self-mastery – for
what the outcome is.
PART 1 OF THE UNBLINDED RESULTS FORMULA:
HOW DO WE DECIDE WHAT WE WANT?
There are two things that decide what we want:
1. What is our driving emotional “Why?”
2. What is our legacy?
OUR DRIVING WHY:
Our Why is the emotional fuel that drives our actions. The
emotionally deeper our Why becomes, the more powerful a
driving force it becomes.
If your WHY doesn’t make you cry or at least bring you close
to tears and/or send shivers through your body and/or make
the hair on the back of your neck stand up, then you need to
continue to ask Why? Why? Why? until you reach that point
and that depth.
EXERCISE 1: What Is Your Deep Emotional Why?
OUR LEGACY
Our legacy is the byproduct of living consistently with and
driving toward our Why.
Process Mastery is our How in the context of our Why and the
legacy we chose, as well as the outcomes that we are pursuing.
Our Why provides fuel for everything and is connected to our
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 41
ultimate legacy. Our legacy is what we want our life to represent
from today to our last day on Earth and beyond. Using the
context of our Why and the vision of our legacy, we decide
what the priority of our outcomes are. Then we apply the Formula
to achieve and innovate these outcomes in a closed-loop
system that involves the Formula, our Why, and our legacy vision.
Like our Why, if your legacy doesn’t make you cry, or at least
send shivers through your body, then you need to continue to
ask deeper questions such as “what does your legacy actually
mean to you?” Why? Why? Why? Keep asking until you reach
that point.
EXERCISE 2: What Legacy Are You Committed To Creating?
THE SCALE OF MASTERY:
The Scale Mastery is a system by which you can rate yourself
on a scale of 1 to 10, but realizing that the closer you get to 10,
it’s the smallest distinctions that make your growth exponential.
What are some areas in your life, outside of Influence, Process,
and Self-Mastery, that you are trying to improve upon? Rate
yourself in those areas using the 1-10 scale.
SET YOUR OUTCOMES:
EXERCISE 3: Set Your Outcomes.
Write down three (3) specific, written, and numerical outcomes
you want to achieve in 30, 60, and 90 days.
Outcome 1:
Outcome 2:
Outcome 3:
42 SEAN CALLAGY
PART 2 of the Unblinded Results Formula:
Applying The Three Part Formula For What We Want:
It starts with the premise that all outcomes are produced
through the masterful use of three components:
• Process Mastery
• Influence Mastery
• Self Mastery
Failure to achieve an outcome can always be diagnosed by determining
which of these three components – and potentially
all of them – were applied sub-optimally.
What are the definitions of each component?
Process Mastery is what you do.
Integrity Based Influence is how to go from “hello to yes” with
people in the context of what you do (i.e., Process Mastery).
Self Mastery is being consistently in zone action, which is the
most efficient action step you can take utilizing your Process
and Influence Mastery.
The depth and breadth of the implications of the Unblinded
Formula cannot be overstated. Simply put, it applies to everything.
SECTION 2:
WHAT IS UNBLINDED INFLUENCE MASTERY?
It was November 1996, and I had started my “dream job.” My
law school “formula” resulted in being one of five people hired
out of 3,000 applicants.
I had turned down 20 other job offers.
Two months ago, I felt on top of the world.
My frame of reference for success as an attorney was the character
Mitch McDeere, who would be later played by Tom
Cruise, in John Grisham’s best-selling novel, The Firm. Mitch
outworked and out-billed everyone.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 43
I rented an apartment in the same complex as my “Firm.” I
turned on the lights every day for the first three months at my
300-employee employer.
The irony of my selection, however, was that Mitch found no
success at all. The movie was about him fleeing “The Firm” for
his life.
Is there such a thing as double irony?!
I thought I was winning.
I was awakened, but not Unblinded, about three months into
my tenure and adult working life.
I no longer thought “I won.” In fact, I was in shock. Now, I felt
lost, no longer seeing my future in the firm or in anyone in it.
Several factors led to this:
1. I had not received one word of acknowledgment for
working 90 hours per week, and for an incredible win
that I pulled off (which my boss took credit for).
2. Most partners, except for very few, seemed very unhappy
too.
3. One of the partners I worked for offered me to be his
right-hand man when my mentor – who had been this
boss’ apprentice for 8 years – was in a hospital recovering
and working after surgery.
Each day, around 5 pm, five or so associates would come in to
complain about the partners they worked for and the firm
overall.
This day, I would ask a question, the question, that changed
my life: “Why is it that so many attorneys seem unhappy and
stressed in the firm, and those two relatively young partners
look so tan, happy and relaxed?”.
One of my colleagues answered: “because they bring in the
business.”
It took a moment to process what I had just heard: selling, for
lawyers, equals more money, more free time, and more magic
44 SEAN CALLAGY
and fulfillment (the tans).
I wanted to throw my chair through my 9th story office window.
This was the second fraud law school had committed through
a glaring omission! I never heard a single word about being a
business generator in law school. Not a single implicit reference
was made to such a thing.
So, not only had they neglected to mention the brutal job market,
but now I am learning that even though I won the game of
law school and landed a great job, I was completely unprepared
to win the game of winning in my legal career.
AND, where would I go to learn how to do something as filthy,
dirty, disgusting, and manipulative as selling!!!!??? AND, I’m
$100,000 in debt.
Now what?!
My choice seemed clear: quit and do what I love, coaching high
school football and baseball.
While I now know the secret to law, and I would soon learn
ALL business success was integrity-based selling, I was about
to see something else critical that I had not seen.
Little did I know that I was about to become Unblinded to the
power of integrity-based selling as the trajectory of my life,
and outcomes would exponentially change over the next two
years.
What Lightning is Known to Represent:
• A loss of ignorance
• Sudden illumination
• Power from a higher being
• Relation to Zeus and Thor
• A weapon used to strike down enemies
• A symbol of intuition
• Power in general
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 45
• Mysterious
• Destruction
• A symbol of energy
• Structured but being out of control
• Inspires creativity
Correlation:
For centuries, no one knew where lightning came from. It was
a complete mystery but was always there. Some might even
call it “magic.”
My successes and influencing capabilities have always seemed
like “magic” to everyone, but in all reality, it was a structured
formula that, if followed, leads you to seem “magical,” when in
actuality, you are following a formula that was always present
but not actually discovered. Lightning also brings a sense of
shock, surprise, and disrupting the status quo. We are striking
down ineffective, deceiving, non-influential communication
with that of integrity-filled, “in service of” communication.
Launching the Unblinded platform is lightning striking the
world of personal development, networking, sales, and education.
Challenge: In a capitalist structure, people want to make more
money in less time with more magic in their life. The question
is how to do so in a predictable, consistent, fun, exciting, and
magical way.
Unblinded Mastery solves this problem.
Unblinded Mastery utilizes the formula of formulas to create
your exponential acceleration in your money, time, and magic.
If you are not achieving your desired results and outcomes in
business, it is because you are suboptimal in one of the two
parts of the Formula, deciding what you want (Your Why, your
legacy) and/or how to get it (Process Mastery, Influence Mastery,
or Self Mastery). Your understanding and mastery of the
46 SEAN CALLAGY
Formula, as it unblinds you, will result in virtually limitless potential
growth and scaling of your sales and business.
Now, let’s begin to look at each of the three pillars of the Unblinded
Formula…beginning with your superpower.
Chapter 7:
__________________________________
Influence Mastery
Influence Mastery: How Do You Go From “Hello” to “Yes”
With Integrity?
Nothing has ever been created between two humans without
a “yes.”
Thus, our ability to cause “yes,” with integrity, in a world
where everyone wants to say “no” is incomprehensibly indispensable.
The masterful creation of “yes” looks like magic, but is actually
an advanced science.
Everything begins after “yes.”
Before we dive in, let's take a moment to appreciate the
limitless potential of influence. Unlike other goals and
achievements, influence has no upper bounds. It is an infinite
resource that has shaped the lives and legacies of the world's
greatest leaders, such as Oprah Winfrey, Tony Robbins, Dr.
Martin Luther King Jr., and Jesus Christ.
These influential figures have one thing in common: they
wielded their influence with integrity. And so, in our journey
together, we'll explore how to harness the power of influence
in a way that's transparent, heart-centered, and focused on
creating a lasting, positive impact on others.
Our Integrity Based Human Influence model has four
steps, 12 indispensable elements, and four energies. Let's
begin by exploring the four steps in order.
Step 1: Building Emotional Rapport: The foundation of influence
is connecting with others on a deep, emotional level. This
48 SEAN CALLAGY
is where we forge meaningful relationships that serve as the
bedrock for our influence. Remember, people are drawn to
those who make them feel seen, heard, and understood.
Step 2: Truth to Pain and Yes Strategy: Every individual has
pain points – unmet needs, desires, or challenges. In this step,
we explore the truth and those pain points and create strategies
that address them in a way that empowers others to say
"yes" to our ideas and initiatives.
Step 3: Creating and Conveying Your Heroic Unique Identity:
Each of us has a unique story to tell, and it's essential to share
that story authentically. By doing so, we create a heroic identity
that others are drawn to, making our influence even more
impactful.
Step 4: Agreement Formation: The final step in our journey
within the four steps is forming agreements with others, built
on trust and mutual benefit. This is where our influence truly
shines, allowing us to create lasting, positive change.
The four steps, however, are robotic and meaningless
without two other vital components of Integrity Based Human
Influence.
Accordingly, the second piece is the 12 Indispensable Elements
that are flowing through your optimal use of the four
steps.
Now, let's explore the 12 Indispensable Elements of Influence
Mastery. Use the acronym S.M.A.L.L.E.R. Q.V.C.C.C. to remember
these elements, which should be present throughout the
four steps:
Integrous Scarcity: Value is often derived from scarcity. Emphasize
the unique, limited nature of your offerings to encourage
others to take action.
Matching & Mirroring: Connect with others by reflecting their
verbal and nonverbal cues, creating a sense of rapport and
trust.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 49
Acknowledgement: Recognize and appreciate the thoughts,
feelings, and actions of others. It should be deep and authentic
and show the other person that you see them, you hear them,
and what they say matters to you. Make sure that the acknowledgement
is received.
Level 5 Transformational Listening: Truly listen to others, not
just to respond, but to understand their perspective and emotions.
Unconditional Love With Boundaries for All People: Approach
everyone with love and compassion, while also maintaining
healthy boundaries. Everything a person does is an act of love
or a cry for help.
Emotional and Energetic Transference: Share your positive
emotions and energy with others, creating a contagious atmosphere
of enthusiasm and motivation. The energy is then
received and transfused into the other person.
Reciprocity: Create a sense of mutual giving and receiving,
where both parties benefit from the relationship.
Question Mastery (Power of Questions): Ask thoughtful, openended
questions that encourage others to share their experiences
and insights.
Validation: Affirm the emotions, experiences, and perspectives
of others, creating an environment of trust and safety.
Congruence: Ensure your words, actions, and intentions align,
demonstrating authenticity and reliability.
Context: Frame situations and information in a way that highlights
the value and relevance to others.
Contrast: Highlight the differences between options, emphasizing
the benefits and desirability of your preferred choice.
Now that we've covered the Four Steps and 12 Indispensable
Elements, let's delve into the Four Energies of Integrity Based
Human Influence. These energies should be varied and displayed
throughout your interactions with others:
Fun: Bring a sense of playfulness and humor to your
50 SEAN CALLAGY
interactions. This energy lightens the atmosphere and makes
people feel at ease in your presence. Fun is exciting and energized,
true and truth revealing. Fun Energy can have the element
of surprise or unexpectedness. Fun energy is certain.
Aspirational: Inspire others by sharing your vision and passion.
This energy motivates people to strive for greatness and
join you on your journey. Aspirational Energy has future vision
and takes someone with you to that higher place.
Goddess: Embody warmth, nurturing, and empathy. This energy
creates a safe space for others to open up and connect
with you on a deeper level. It is flowing and light, loving and
heart centered.
Zeus: Display confidence, decisiveness, certainty and strength.
This energy commands respect and trust, demonstrating your
ability to lead and make tough decisions.
Now that we've explored the foundations of Influence
Mastery, let's dive deeper into the heart and math of this powerful
skill set.
Remember, the true measure of Influence Mastery lies not
in the number of followers or accolades we accumulate, but in
the positive impact we create in the lives of others. By committing
to the principles of Integrity Based Human Influence,
you are choosing to be a force for good in the world, empowering
those around you to achieve greatness and leaving a lasting,
beautiful legacy.
In future books that have Influence Mastery as the primary
focal point, we'll delve into each of the Four Steps, 12
Indispensable Elements, and Four Energies in greater detail.
We'll provide real-life examples of influential leaders who
have embodied these principles, as well as practical exercises
and strategies for you to apply in your own journey toward
Influence Mastery.
As we embark on this transformative journey together,
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 51
remember that the power to influence is within you. Embrace
it with a heart-centered approach, unwavering integrity, and
a commitment to creating a positive impact in the world. With
these principles as your guide, there's no limit to the influence
you can achieve and the legacy you can leave behind.
Together, let's create a world where influence is a force for
good, and where each of us can rise to our fullest potential,
empowered by the infinite superpower of Integrity Based Human
Influence.

Chapter 8:
__________________________________
Self Mastery
At Unblinded, we define Self Mastery as the ability to
stay in Zone Action consistently. Self Mastery is a daily hello
to yes with yourself. This book will guide you through the 10
essential components of Self Mastery in a heart-centered, direct,
and simple way.
What Is Your Why?
Your journey to Self Mastery begins with identifying your
"Why." Your "Why" is the driving force behind your actions,
the reason you strive for greatness. When you connect with
your "Why," you find the motivation and passion to push
through obstacles and remain focused on your goals. Reflect
on your life's purpose, your passions, and what truly matters
to you. Write down your "Why" in a clear and concise statement,
and keep it close to your heart as you progress through
this journey.
Using Your Physiology:
Your physical state has a profound impact on your mindset
and emotions. To achieve Self Mastery, you must learn to
use your physiology to your advantage. Adopt a posture of
confidence, breathe deeply, and engage in regular exercise to
maintain optimal energy levels. Practice mindfulness techniques
such as meditation, yoga, or deep breathing exercises
to help you stay present and focused.
54 SEAN CALLAGY
What Is Your Focus?
The direction of your focus determines the quality of your
life. To master yourself, you must learn to direct your focus
toward the things that matter most to you. Create a daily routine
that prioritizes your goals and removes distractions. Cultivate
a growth mindset by continuously seeking
opportunities for learning, growth, and self-improvement.
What Meaning Are You Giving to Things?
The meaning you assign to events and experiences shapes
your reality. Your interpretation of situations can either empower
or disempower you. Choose to assign meanings that
support your growth and foster a positive outlook on life.
Challenge yourself to see setbacks as opportunities for growth
and consider how even challenging circumstances can ultimately
serve you in the long run.
Limiting/Empowering Beliefs:
Your beliefs shape your thoughts, emotions, and actions.
Identify and confront any limiting beliefs that may be holding
you back, and replace them with empowering beliefs that
align with your goals and aspirations. Practice affirmations,
visualization, and other tools to help you instill new, supportive
beliefs.
How Are You Using Music to Shift Your Energy?
Music has the power to influence your mood, motivation,
and overall well-being. Harness this power by creating
playlists that evoke the emotions you need to stay in Zone Action.
Use music strategically to uplift, energize, or soothe yourself
as needed throughout your journey to Self Mastery.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 55
What Content Are You Consuming Regularly?
The information you consume shapes your thoughts, beliefs,
and actions. Be intentional with the content you consume,
ensuring that it supports your growth, inspires you, and
aligns with your values. Surround yourself with books, podcasts,
videos, and other materials that help you develop the
skills and mindset needed for Self Mastery.
The 6 Human Needs, Values, & Rules:
Understanding and fulfilling your six human needs—certainty,
variety, significance, connection and love, growth, and
contribution—is crucial for achieving Self Mastery. Assess
how well your current lifestyle meets these needs and identify
areas where you can make improvements. Additionally, clarify
your personal values and establish rules for living in alignment
with those values. By honoring your needs, values, and
rules, you create a strong foundation for lasting Self Mastery.
Tony Robbins teaches that the need for significance and the
need for certainty should be the last two needs in the hierarchy
of these six human needs. An entire book could be written
just on the optimal hierarchy of these needs. We will explore
this more deeply in future books with a primary focus on Self
Mastery.
What Is Your Diet?
The food you eat has a direct impact on your physical and
mental well-being. A balanced, nutritious diet is essential for
sustaining the energy and focus required for Self Mastery. Pay
attention to how different foods affect your body and mind,
and make conscious choices that support your overall health
and well-being. Additionally, consider incorporating supplements,
vitamins, and other health-boosting practices as
56 SEAN CALLAGY
needed to optimize your overall wellness.
How Are You Journaling and Using "ECD" Time (Executive,
Creation, and Decision-Making Time)?
Journaling is a powerful tool for self-reflection, goal setting,
and tracking your progress toward Self Mastery. Develop
a daily journaling practice that encourages you to explore
your thoughts, emotions, and experiences. Use the journal to
celebrate your wins, learn from your challenges, and set intentions
for future growth.
ECD Time, or Executive, Creation and Decision-Making
Time, is dedicated to reflecting on your priorities and making
critical decisions that support your journey to Self Mastery.
Schedule regular ECD Time to assess your progress, adjust
your strategies, and ensure that your actions are aligned with
your goals and values. ECD time is an excellent time to check
in on where you are in your rating on Process, Influence and
Self Mastery, and especially on how you rate yourself within
the 7 Levers of Marketing and Sales Process Mastery.
We have added an ECD Time Worksheet for you to follow below.
Unblinded Executive Creation and Decision Making
(“ECD”) Time Self-Awareness Questionnaire:
1. What non-fiction people are you most currently like?
Why?
2. What fictional people are you most currently like?
Why?
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 57
3. Remembering every hero went through a journey
where they believed they were less, and then discovered
how much more they were, what non-fiction people
are you committed to modeling? List at least three
and why.
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
4. What fictional people are you most committed to modeling?
List at least three and why.
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
5. Who are you? You are who you decide to be, not what
anyone else tells you or what your fear or lower vibrational
emotions lie and say to you. From the place of
your greatest power, self-love, strength, heart, certainty,
and remembering moments of your life that
best represent all of those positive vibrational feelings,
who are you at your greatest?
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
6. What is your life legacy? You have the privilege of
knowing it is your last day on Earth. You are blessed to
have two people with you at your bedside, maybe you
are super blessed and have five…what will be the stories
that they and others tell about you?
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
58 SEAN CALLAGY
7. What is your Why? Go five levels deep.
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
a. Why do you want that?
_____________________________________________________________
b. Why do you want that?
_____________________________________________________________
c. Why do you want that?
_____________________________________________________________
d. Why do you want that?
_____________________________________________________________
e. Why do you want that?
_____________________________________________________________
For each question ask yourself: what your one, two, or three
simplest distinctions are to rise in your mastery.
What number would that put you at by the end of this year?
____________________
Ask yourself that in every question.
What number is your outcome by the end of the first quarter?
____________________
Ask yourself that in every question.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 59
When you see an * use the Scale of Mastery (below) to measure
your mastery.
*Scale of Mastery (use this scale to measure where you
are)
1. You are intensely disgusted.
2. You are disgusted.
3. You are frustrated intensely.
4. You are frustrated.
5. You are very disappointed.
6. You feel okay about it.
7. You feel good about it.
8. You feel very good about it.
9. You feel great about it.
9.5 You feel especially great about it.
9.9 You are incredibly thankful and proud.
9.99 You feel truly uniquely blessed, and sometimes can't
even believe it because you feel so absolutely amazing.
9.999 You almost weep from the overwhelming gratitude
you have to your higher power, AND you know that
you are in such an incredibly unique level of satisfaction
that if you meet ten thousand people, you probably
will not meet one person who feels this thankful,
strong, proud and loving about this.
8. People are
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Money is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
60 SEAN CALLAGY
Selling is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
I am
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Learning is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Time is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Fun is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Magic is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Shared experiences are
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 61
Assembling an audience of my ideal avatar is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Influence is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Numbers are
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
9. What is your current income level annually?
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how does that satisfy you? *
__________________
10. On a mastery scale of 1- 10 - how do you feel about
your Time? * __________
11. On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how do you feel about
your Magic? * __________
12. On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how do you feel about
your Influence Mastery? * ____________
13. How are you with the Four Energies on a mastery
scale of 1 - 10? * : _________
a. Fun? ____
b. Aspirational? ___
62 SEAN CALLAGY
c. Goddess? ___
d. Zeus?___
14. On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how do you feel about
your mastery of the 12 Indispensable Elements*:
a. Integrous Scarcity? (Remind yourself: everyone is a
deer, with a default NO) ____
b. Matching and Mirroring? (Starting with uncertainty and
match plus with high knowingness, disrespect, or condescension?)
____
c. Acknowledgement? ("I see you; I hear you and what you
say matters to me." Oprah) ____
d. Loving People Unconditionally With Boundaries, including
yourself? ____
e. Level 5 Transformational Listening? ____
f. Emotional and Energetic Transference? ____
g. Reciprocity invocation? (Politeness, listening, respect,
deference, gifts, acts of service, words of affirmation,
quality time, contributions and donations, shared experiences,
and more, including introductions.) ____
h. Question Mastery (Power of Questions)? (Open and
closed, tone, listening, and all elements) ____
i. Validation? (Your feelings are understandable…doesn't
mean you agree they are right…example: with their
story, "yes, it is understandable you feel that way.") ____
j. Congruence? (Alignment of words, vocal qualities, and
body language.) ____
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 63
k. Context? (Are you setting, resetting and re, re, re, re, resetting
context…is context always present, at all times to
understand what context the other person or people are
in?) ____
l. Contrast? (What this is not, to reset context optimally.)
____
15. Four steps:
a. Emotional Rapport? ____
b. Pain And Yes Strategy? (How deep do you go in integrity
and with emotional rapport maintained?) ____
c. Heroic Unique Identity (HUI)? (Congruently unique so
people are curious…speaking into the listening) ____
d. Agreement Formation? (Next yes – follow-up processes,
certainty on money and value) ____
16. On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how do you feel about
your Process Mastery?* (Process is the "What You Do
Map" to achieve your outcomes – Modeling, Time
Blocking, Maximization Through Measuring And Monitoring,
and Innovation And Optimization: vertical v.
horizontal)*:
a. Modeling? ____
b. Time Blocking? ____
c. Maximization Through Measuring And Monitoring with
the appropriate management? ____
d. Innovation And Optimization, making relationships between
vertical and horizontal? ____
64 SEAN CALLAGY
17. On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how do you feel about
your mastery of the 7 Levers of Marketing and Sales
Process Mastery?*
a. Where am I currently on Ecosystem Merging?* (How
many functioning ecosystem mergers?) ___ Q1____ this
year. We are actively running events with dates and
times to be an ecosystem merger, including teammates,
employees, and recruiting. The quality of my ecosystem
mergers for their intended purposes:
(HUI rise, relationship capital access, relationship capital
monetization, ideal avatar joint leveraging)
b. Speaking? (how often, your platform, other places,
shared experiences) ____
c. Sales Meetings? (how many per week _____ and month
______?)
d. Sales? ____
e. Disposable Income? (Income after all bills are paid, both
business and personal.) ____
f. Contributions? ____
g. Fun and Magic? ____
18. On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how do you feel about
your Self Mastery?*:
a. Your relationship with fear of rejection? (Judgment, misportrayal,
need for the approval of others, angering others,
being laughed at or mocked, being judged or belittled)
____
b. Fear of failure? (Wasting money, time, and energy) ____
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 65
c. How consistently are you in Zone Action? (Most efficient
action step you can take at any time in every way) ____
d. Focus? ____
e. Proximity to uplifting, inspiring, and empowering people?
____
f. Meaning? ____
g. Limiting/Empowering Beliefs? (What is the balance of
your limiting versus empowering beliefs?) ____
h. Music? ____
i. Content? (Content you are consuming) ____
j. Six Human Needs? (1. Growth 2. Contribution 3. Connection/
Love 4. Uncertainty/Variety 5. Certainty 6. Significance)
____
k. Values and Rules? (I know my values and rules, what I
move toward and away from, and the rules for them.)
____
l. Diet? ____
m. Journaling?____
Congratulations on your new updated level of self-awareness.
Masterful job!
Adding to our Self Mastery journey, it's essential to be
aware of the "7 Destroyers" that can hinder your progress. By
understanding these obstacles and actively working to overcome
them, you'll be better equipped to stay on the path toward
Self Mastery.
66 SEAN CALLAGY
The 7 Destroyers of Self Mastery:
1. Not Using Drugs (Engaging in Your Physiology)
By "drugs," we mean the natural, feel-good chemicals that
your body produces, such as dopamine, serotonin, oxytocin,
and endorphins. To maintain optimal mental and emotional
states, it's crucial to engage in activities that stimulate the production
of these chemicals. Exercise, meditation, deep breathing,
laughter, and positive social interactions are just a few
ways to encourage the release of these "drugs," helping you
stay in Zone Action.
2. Not Having a Strong Enough, Conditioned-In Why
A powerful "Why" is the foundation of Self Mastery. If your
"Why" is not strong enough or not ingrained in your daily life,
it can be challenging to maintain motivation and focus. Continuously
remind yourself of your "Why" and make it a central
part of your thoughts, actions, and decisions. Keep your "Why"
at the forefront of your mind and use it as a driving force to
propel you toward Self Mastery.
3. Not Choosing Your Heroic Unique Identities in All
Ways Relevant to Driving Your Business Forward
Your identity plays a significant role in shaping your
thoughts, beliefs, and actions. To achieve Self Mastery, it's vital
to choose empowering, heroic identities that align with your
goals and values in every aspect of your business. Reflect on
who you are and who you want to be in each part of your business,
and actively embody those identities to drive your business
forward.
4. Not Choosing Relevant Limiting and Empowering Beliefs
As mentioned earlier, your beliefs have a significant
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 67
impact on your life. Failing to identify and replace limiting beliefs
with empowering ones can impede your progress toward
Self Mastery. Continuously reassess your belief system and
ensure that it aligns with your goals, values, and aspirations.
Be proactive in cultivating empowering beliefs that support
your journey.
5. Not Being Able to Identify Fear of Rejection
Fear of rejection is a common obstacle that can hinder
your progress toward Self Mastery. It's essential to recognize
when this fear is holding you back and develop strategies for
overcoming it. Remember, rejection is a natural part of life and
can provide valuable learning opportunities. Embrace the
possibility of rejection and let it fuel your growth rather than
limiting your potential.
6. Not Being Able to Identify Fear of Failure
Similar to the fear of rejection, fear of failure can also sabotage
your journey to Self Mastery. Learn to recognize when
this fear is preventing you from taking action, and reframe
your mindset around failure. Understand that failure is an inevitable
part of growth and success, and use it as a stepping
stone toward achieving your goals.
7. Not Being Certain on Zone Action Due to Chunking Issues
"Chunking" refers to the process of breaking down complex
tasks into smaller, more manageable steps. When you're
uncertain about how to take action or what steps to take, it can
be challenging to stay in Zone Action. Develop the skill of
chunking to break down your goals and tasks into actionable
steps, ensuring that you always know what to do next and can
maintain your momentum toward Self Mastery.
By understanding and addressing the 7 Destroyers, you'll
68 SEAN CALLAGY
be better equipped to overcome obstacles and stay on the path
toward Self Mastery. With a heart-centered approach, dedication,
and the right tools, you can achieve lasting success and
positively influence the world around you.
Conclusion:
The journey to Self Mastery is an ongoing process of selfdiscovery,
growth, and transformation. By following these ten
steps and embracing a heart-centered approach, you'll develop
the skills, habits, and mindset needed to stay in Zone Action
and achieve lasting success. Remember, Self Mastery is a
daily commitment to saying "yes" to yourself and your
dreams.
In future immersions we will discuss principles of Self
Mastery in your life, and you'll experience the powerful impact
of living in alignment with your purpose and values. We
at Unblinded are here to support you on your journey, and we
look forward to celebrating your successes and growth as you
master yourself and positively influence the world around
you.
From my heart to yours, welcome to the Unblinded family
and the incredible journey toward Self Mastery.
Chapter 9:
__________________________________
Process Mastery
This chapter will explore the pillar of Process Mastery,
which consists of four crucial components: Modeling, Time
Blocking, Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring,
and finally, Innovation and Optimization.
1. Modeling
I am honored to guide you through the Unblinded Results
Formula, a heart-centered and math-based approach to Integrity
Based Human Influence. Together, we will explore the
first of four critical steps: Modeling.
Modeling: A Pathway to Excellence:
The first step in achieving Process Mastery is to model excellence.
We begin by identifying individuals or even fictional
characters who embody the characteristics, values, and beliefs
we wish to emulate. This journey is not about replicating
someone else's life or success, but rather, it's about adopting
their best attributes to empower our own growth.
For example, we can learn from Batman's dedication to
justice and his unwavering commitment to his mission, despite
facing adversity. Or we can draw inspiration from Bruce
Springsteen's work ethic and his ability to connect with audiences
through authentic storytelling.
Remember, our aim is to harness both the "heart" and the
"math" of Process Mastery. To do this, we must first open our
hearts to the possibility of personal transformation and then
develop the mathematical framework to bring it to life.
70 SEAN CALLAGY
Choosing Your Role Models
When selecting role models, remember that no one is perfect.
It's important to recognize that you can appreciate and
learn from certain aspects of a person or character without
necessarily endorsing everything they stand for. Be discerning
and select the qualities that resonate most with you and your
goals.
For instance, you might admire Muhammad Ali for his unshakable
self-confidence and ability to stand up for his beliefs,
or Coach Herb Brooks for his leadership and ability to inspire
a diverse group of individuals to come together as a cohesive
unit.
Consider Modeling different individuals for various areas
of your life. You may admire one person for their business acumen,
such as Oprah Winfrey, who built a media empire
through perseverance, vision, and a commitment to empowering
others. Or you might be inspired by someone like Tony
Robbins for his emotional intelligence and ability to help people
break through limiting beliefs.
By drawing inspiration from multiple sources, you can
create a rich tapestry of attributes that will guide you on your
path to Process Mastery.
Beliefs and Actions: The Cornerstones of Modeling:
Once you have identified the Masters you choose to model,
begin to explore their beliefs and actions. What are the core
principles that guide their decision-making? How do they approach
challenges, and what habits or rituals have they
adopted to maintain their focus and motivation? What habits
have they formed and what precise actions do they take to
reach their masterful skill sets? By understanding these elements,
you can begin to integrate them into your own life.
For example, Jay Abraham, a renowned marketing
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 71
strategist, has a deep understanding of the principle of leverage
and is known for finding innovative ways to create value
for businesses. By studying his thought process and approach,
you can gain insights into developing creative marketing
strategies for your own endeavors.
Another example is Abraham Lincoln, who demonstrated
great empathy, humility, and a commitment to unity in the
face of division. By embodying these values, you can cultivate
stronger relationships and foster collaboration in your personal
and professional life.
Remember, the key to successful Modeling is to transform
these insights into actionable steps. For instance, if you want
to develop the same intellectual curiosity as Albert Einstein,
dedicate time each day to reading, attending seminars, or engaging
in other educational activities.
The Power of Aspirational Modeling:
As you embark on this journey of Modeling, keep in mind
that it is an aspirational process. You are not merely copying
someone else's success, but rather, you are aspiring to embody
the values, beliefs, and actions that will elevate your own
life. By embracing this mindset, you will ignite the fire within
you to pursue excellence and, ultimately, achieve Process Mastery.
Expanding Your Modeling Horizons:
In our quest for personal growth, it's essential to remember
that our world is vast, diverse, and brimming with wisdom.
Don't limit yourself to role models from a single industry
or background. Instead, explore a wide array of perspectives,
learning from the successes and failures of individuals across
various fields and cultures.
For example, you can draw inspiration from Dr. Martin
72 SEAN CALLAGY
Luther King Jr.'s unwavering commitment to justice and
equality, his skill as an orator, and his ability to inspire change
through nonviolent means. Similarly, you can learn from the
compassion, forgiveness, and selflessness embodied by Jesus
Christ.
By doing so, you will develop a more comprehensive understanding
of the attributes and behaviors that contribute to
success, allowing you to create a personalized roadmap to
Process Mastery.
Learning from Negative Examples:
While our focus in Modeling is primarily on identifying
and emulating positive attributes, it's also essential to
acknowledge the value in learning from negative examples.
Recognizing the pitfalls and challenges that others have faced
can help us avoid similar mistakes and more effectively navigate
our own journey.
When encountering negative examples, take the time to
reflect on the underlying issues that led to their difficulties.
Consider how you might approach similar situations differently
or adopt alternative strategies to overcome such challenges.
By learning from both the positive and negative
experiences of others, we can build a more robust and wellrounded
foundation for our own success.
The Role of Reflection in Modeling:
As you progress through your Modeling journey, it's vital
to regularly reflect on your experiences and evaluate your
progress. Are the attributes, beliefs, and actions you've
adopted from your role models yielding positive results in
your life? If not, consider revisiting your choices and making
adjustments as needed.
Reflection also allows you to identify areas of your life
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 73
where additional Modeling may be beneficial. As you grow
and evolve, your needs and priorities may shift, making it essential
to regularly reassess your role models and the qualities
you wish to emulate.
Supporting Others Through Modeling:
An often-overlooked aspect of Modeling is the opportunity
to serve as a role model for others. As you achieve greater levels
of success and Process Mastery, you will likely find yourself
in a position to inspire and support others on their own journeys.
Embrace this responsibility with humility and grace, recognizing
that your actions, beliefs, and values can have a significant
impact on those around you. Share your experiences
and the lessons you've learned through Modeling, offering
guidance and encouragement to help others reach their full
potential.
The Ripple Effect of Modeling:
The power of Modeling extends far beyond our own lives.
As we adopt the positive attributes, beliefs, and actions of our
role models, we naturally begin to influence those around us.
This ripple effect can inspire positive change within our families,
communities, and even society as a whole.
By committing to the process of Modeling and striving for
excellence, we not only elevate ourselves but also contribute
to the greater good. This is the true power of Integrity Based
Human Influence and Process Mastery.
Conclusion:
Thank you for joining us on this exploration of Modeling,
the first critical step in our journey toward Process Mastery.
Remember, the heart of this process lies in embracing the best
74 SEAN CALLAGY
attributes of others and integrating them into our own lives.
With an open heart and a commitment to action, we can
achieve greatness.
As we continue our journey, we will delve deeper into the
Unblinded Results Formula, exploring the remaining steps:
Time Blocking, Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring,
and Innovation and Optimization. Together, we will
unlock the full potential of Integrity Based Human Influence
and achieve true Process Mastery. In doing so, we will not only
transform our own lives, but we will contribute to bettering
the lives of others as well.
Time Blocking
Harnessing the Power of Time Blocking and Achieving
Zone Action:
In our previous discussion, we delved into the importance
of Modeling as the first step of Process Mastery within the Unblinded
Results Formula. Now, we will explore the second
step: Time Blocking, and how it leads to a state we call "Zone
Action."
Time Blocking: The Key to Focus, Productivity, and Zone
Action:
Time Blocking is much more than simply creating a checklist
or scheduling every minute of your day. It is a strategic approach
to organizing your time and prioritizing tasks,
ensuring that you remain focused and productive throughout
the day. The goal is to maximize your efficiency, allowing you
to make significant progress in the areas that matter most to
your personal and professional growth.
A major outcome of effective Time Blocking is achieving
and maintaining a state of "Zone Action." Zone Action is defined
as being the most effective, efficient, and intentional
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 75
action step you can take today for the rise of your money, your
time, and your magic. By aligning our actions with our values,
goals, and priorities, we can unlock the full potential of Integrity
Based Human Influence and experience Zone Action.
Zone Action in the Lives of the Greats:
Many successful individuals throughout history have utilized
Time Blocking to achieve Zone Action. Nikola Tesla, Elon
Musk, Steve Jobs, Benjamin Franklin, David Goggins, Kobe
Bryant, and Tom Brady all embraced the concept of Time
Blocking to maximize their productivity and achieve extraordinary
results in their respective fields.
Nikola Tesla, known for his remarkable inventions and
groundbreaking work in the field of electricity, meticulously
planned his day to ensure he could devote ample time to his
research and experiments. By using Time Blocking to create a
structured and efficient schedule, Tesla was able to achieve
Zone Action and make significant strides in his work.
Similarly, Benjamin Franklin, one of America's Founding
Fathers, followed a rigorous daily routine, which he called his
"Scheme." This routine included allocating specific blocks of
time for work, personal growth, and rest. By adhering to this
structured approach, Franklin was able to achieve Zone Action
and excel in various endeavors, including politics, writing, and
inventing.
Integrating Time Blocking and Zone Action:
Now that we have a clear understanding of the Time
Blocking process and the concept of Zone Action, it's essential
to integrate these approaches to create a powerful synergy
that propels you toward Process Mastery.
Start by identifying your priorities and aligning them with
your values, goals, and objectives. By focusing on tasks that
76 SEAN CALLAGY
contribute to your personal and professional growth, you create
a solid foundation for achieving Zone Action.
Organize your tasks based on their importance and urgency,
allocating specific time blocks to each task. This will
help you maintain focus and ensure that you're working on
the most impactful activities.
Schedule blocks of time for rest, relaxation, and personal
care. Achieving Zone Action requires a balance between work
and personal life, so make sure to prioritize self-care and personal
growth.
Consistently review and adjust your time blocks to ensure
they remain aligned with your evolving priorities and goals.
This will help you stay on track and maintain Zone Action
throughout your journey toward Process Mastery.
Be mindful of potential distractions and interruptions, and
protect your time blocks to maintain focus on your tasks. By
creating an environment that supports focus and productivity,
you'll be better equipped to achieve Zone Action.
The Ripple Effect of Time Blocking and Zone Action:
Much like Modeling, the power of Time Blocking and Zone
Action extends far beyond our own lives. As we effectively
manage our time and prioritize our actions, we create a ripple
effect that influences those around us. This impact can inspire
positive change within our families, communities, and even
society as a whole.
By committing to the process of Time Blocking and striving
for excellence in our daily lives, we not only elevate ourselves
but also contribute to the greater good. When we
achieve Zone Action, our focus, productivity, and intentionality
can serve as a powerful example for others to follow. This
is the true power of Integrity Based Human Influence and Process
Mastery.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 77
Time Blocking, Zone Action, and the Unblinded Results
Formula:
Time Blocking and Zone Action are critical components of
the Unblinded Results Formula and play a crucial role in our
journey toward Process Mastery. By effectively organizing our
time and aligning our actions with our values, goals, and priorities,
we can unlock the full potential of Integrity Based Human
Influence and experience Zone Action.
As we continue to explore the remaining steps in the Unblinded
Results Formula – Maximization Through Measuring
and Monitoring and Innovation and Optimization – we will
build upon the foundation laid by Modeling, Time Blocking,
and Zone Action to create a comprehensive framework for
achieving Process Mastery.
Supporting Others Through Time Blocking and Zone Action:
As you develop and refine your Time Blocking skills and
experience Zone Action, remember the impact you can have
on others. By sharing your experiences and insights, you can
help others adopt effective time management strategies and
support their personal and professional growth.
Embrace the opportunity to serve as a mentor, offering
guidance and encouragement to those who seek to master the
art of Time Blocking and achieve Zone Action. In doing so, you
not only contribute to their success but also reinforce your
own commitment to Process Mastery and Integrity Based Human
Influence.
Conclusion:
Thank you for joining us on this exploration of Time Blocking
and Zone Action, the second critical step in our journey
78 SEAN CALLAGY
toward Process Mastery. Remember, the heart of this process
lies in aligning our time and actions with our values, goals, and
priorities to achieve Zone Action. With consistent effort and a
commitment to excellence, we can achieve greatness.
As we continue our journey, we will journey deeper into
the Unblinded Results Formula, exploring the remaining
steps: Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring, and
Innovation and Optimization. Together, we will unlock the full
potential of Integrity Based Human Influence and achieve true
Process Mastery. In doing so, we will not only transform our
own lives but also create a lasting, positive impact on the
world around us.
Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring:
Let’s continue our journey toward Process Mastery. We
have now explored the first two steps of the Unblinded Results
Formula: Modeling and Time Blocking, which lead to a state of
"Zone Action." As we move forward, we will delve into the
third step: Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring.
This step is essential in understanding the "math" aspect of
Process Mastery and using numbers to drive our growth and
scale effectively.
Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring: A
Deeper Understanding:
Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring is not
just about looking at the numbers; it's about analyzing them
and, most importantly, knowing what actions to take based on
the data. This process enables you to stay in Zone Action and
maintain focus on your goals, both personally and professionally.
You cannot manage what you are not measuring.
To achieve Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring,
we must understand and leverage Critical Drivers, Key
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 79
Performance Indicators (KPIs), and Dashboards. These components
provide valuable insights that allow us to make informed
decisions and optimize our performance across
various aspects of our lives, from business to fitness goals and
even relationship goals.
Critical Drivers, KPIs, and Dashboards: The Foundation of
Maximization:
Critical Drivers are the essential factors that directly impact
the success of a business or personal goal. These drivers
help us identify what needs to be monitored and measured to
ensure progress and growth. By focusing on Critical Drivers,
we can allocate resources more efficiently and ensure that our
efforts are aligned with our objectives.
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are quantifiable metrics
that reflect the performance of a business or individual in
relation to their goals. KPIs help us evaluate our success, identify
areas for improvement, and make data-driven decisions
that propel us forward.
Dashboards are visual representations of Critical Drivers
and KPIs, providing a clear, easy-to-understand snapshot of
our performance. Dashboards are essential for growth and
scale, as they enable us to monitor our progress, analyze
trends, and make informed decisions.
Lessons from Successful Companies:
Google, Apple, Amazon, Salesforce, and Tesla are all examples
of companies that have excelled in Maximization Through
Measuring and Monitoring. These industry leaders use Critical
Drivers, KPIs, and dashboards to make informed decisions
and maintain a competitive edge in their respective markets.
Google, for instance, leverages data-driven insights to optimize
its search algorithms and deliver a better user
80 SEAN CALLAGY
experience. By continuously monitoring and analyzing user
behavior, Google can identify trends and make improvements
that drive growth and innovation.
Apple, on the other hand, utilizes KPIs to monitor the performance
of its products and services, ensuring that they meet
the high standards for which the company is known. Through
the use of dashboards and detailed analytics, Apple can
quickly identify areas for improvement and take action to enhance
its offerings.
Applying Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring
to Personal Goals:
The principles of Maximization Through Measuring and
Monitoring can also be applied to personal goals, such as fitness
and relationships. By identifying Critical Drivers and establishing
KPIs, we can effectively monitor our progress,
evaluate our performance, and make adjustments as needed
to stay on track toward our goals.
In the context of fitness, Critical Drivers may include exercise
frequency, nutrition, and sleep quality. KPIs might be
measurements such as body fat percentage, muscle mass, and
cardiovascular endurance. By regularly tracking these metrics
and utilizing a dashboard to visualize our progress, we can
make informed decisions about our training and nutrition
plans, ultimately achieving our fitness goals more efficiently.
Similarly, in relationships, Critical Drivers could include
communication quality, shared experiences, and emotional
support. KPIs may involve metrics such as relationship satisfaction,
trust levels, and the frequency of meaningful conversations.
By monitoring these indicators and employing a
dashboard to track our progress, we can identify areas for improvement
and make the necessary adjustments to enhance
our relationships.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 81
Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring in Action:
To effectively implement Maximization Through Measuring
and Monitoring, follow these steps:
Identify the Critical Drivers for your goals, both personal
and professional. Determine what factors have the most significant
impact on your success and deserve your focus and
attention.
Establish KPIs that align with your Critical Drivers. Choose
quantifiable metrics that accurately reflect your progress and
performance in relation to your goals.
Create a dashboard to visualize your Critical Drivers and
KPIs. This visual representation will enable you to monitor
your progress, analyze trends, and make informed decisions
based on the data.
Regularly review your dashboard and evaluate your performance.
Identify areas where you excel and areas that require
improvement. Use this information to make data-driven
decisions and maintain Zone Action.
Continuously update your Critical Drivers, KPIs, and dashboard
as your goals evolve. Ensure that your metrics remain
aligned with your objectives and adapt to changes in your personal
and professional life.
Share your progress with others. This not only reinforces
your commitment to your goals but also creates accountability
and provides an opportunity to receive valuable feedback
and support.
The Unblinded Results Formula: Maximization as an Integral
Component:
Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring is a
critical component of the Unblinded Results Formula and
plays a crucial role in our journey toward Process Mastery. By
82 SEAN CALLAGY
effectively monitoring our performance and making datadriven
decisions, we can achieve Zone Action and maintain
our focus on the areas that matter most.
As we continue to explore the final step in the Unblinded
Results Formula – Innovation and Optimization – we will build
upon the foundation laid by Modeling, Time Blocking, Maximization
Through Measuring and Monitoring, and Zone Action to
create a comprehensive framework for achieving Process
Mastery.
Conclusion:
Thank you for joining us on this exploration of Maximization
Through Measuring and Monitoring, the third vital step in
our journey toward Process Mastery. Remember that the
heart of this process lies in using data to drive our growth and
scale effectively. By leveraging Critical Drivers, KPIs, and
dashboards, we can unlock the full potential of Integrity Based
Human Influence and experience Zone Action.
As we continue our journey, we will delve deeper into the
Unblinded Results Formula, exploring the remaining step: Innovation
and Optimization. Together, we will unlock the full
potential of Integrity Based Human Influence and achieve true
Process Mastery. In doing so, we will not only transform our
own lives but also create a lasting, positive impact on the
world around us.
Innovation and Optimization
As we continue our journey toward Process Mastery, we
have now explored the first three steps of the Unblinded Results
Formula: Modeling, Time Blocking, and Maximization
Through Measuring & Monitoring. These steps have guided us
toward achieving Zone Action and maintaining focus on our
goals. Now, we embark on the final step of the Formula:
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 83
Innovation and Optimization. This essential component enables
us to constantly evolve, grow, and adapt in a world that
demands flexibility and continuous improvement.
Innovation and Optimization: Embracing a Constant Evolution:
The process of Innovation and Optimization is a neverending
journey that requires us to continuously evaluate our
performance and make adjustments in a non-ego-driven way.
Rather than focusing on being "right," we must shift our mindset
to embrace the innovation needed in each moment to create
the greatest acceleration. This approach requires us to set
aside our egos and focus on the greater good.
To effectively optimize and innovate, we must understand
the distinction between Vertical Innovation and Horizontal Innovation.
At Unblinded, we advocate for an intense focus on
Vertical Innovation, with a measured and egoless approach to
Horizontal Innovation, only when we have exhausted the possibilities
of Vertical Innovation.
Vertical Innovation: Staying True to the Plan:
Vertical Innovation involves staying true to a plan and
continuously "micro-innovating" within that plan. By making
"micro distinctions" and small adjustments in our existing
strategies, we can refine and improve our approach until the
desired outcome is achieved.
An example of Vertical Innovation in the context of a litigation
attorney would involve constantly finding ways to increase
influence during litigation. This could involve refining
communication techniques, enhancing negotiation strategies,
or exploring alternative legal arguments to achieve success.
84 SEAN CALLAGY
Horizontal Innovation: Exploring New Paths:
Horizontal Innovation, on the other hand, involves stepping
into entirely new plans or strategies. This type of innovation
can lead to significant changes in direction and requires a
measured, egoless approach to ensure that it is undertaken for
the right reasons and at the appropriate time.
Using the example of a litigation attorney, Horizontal Innovation
would be akin to deciding to sell ice cream instead of
continuing to litigate. While this is a fun and silly example, it
highlights the drastic shift that can occur when embracing
Horizontal Innovation.
The World's Greatest Innovators and Step 4:
Many of the world's greatest innovators have employed
Innovation and Optimization. Let's explore some examples:
Apple - Under the leadership of Steve Jobs, Apple continuously
focused on Vertical Innovation, refining and improving its
product line to meet the evolving needs of its customers. Apple
also embraced Vertical Innovation when it ventured into
new markets, such as the smartphone industry with the introduction
of the iPhone.
Amazon - Jeff Bezos' relentless focus on customer experience
led to numerous Vertical Innovations within Amazon's core ecommerce
business. Simultaneously, Amazon has engaged in
more vertical innovation by expanding into new industries,
such as cloud computing and streaming services.
Tesla - Elon Musk's vision for sustainable energy and transportation
has driven Tesla to continuously innovate within
the electric vehicle market (Vertical Innovation). Additionally,
Tesla has ventured into new areas, such as energy storage and
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 85
solar power, further advancing Musk's overarching mission.
Implementing Innovation and Optimization in Your Life:
To effectively apply Innovation and Optimization in your
personal and professional life, consider the following steps:
Embrace a mindset of constant evolution and growth. Recognize
that improvement is an ongoing process and be willing
to adapt and change as needed.
Focus primarily on Vertical Innovation. Stay true to your
plans and goals, and explore "micro distinctions" and small
adjustments to refine your approach and achieve success.
Approach Horizontal Innovation with an egoless mindset.
Recognize that occasionally, shifting to a completely new plan
or strategy may be necessary. Be open to change but ensure
that it is undertaken for the right reasons and at the appropriate
time.
Learn from the world's greatest innovators. Study their
successes and failures, and apply the lessons learned to your
own life and endeavors.
Foster a culture of innovation in your personal and professional
life. Encourage open dialogue, experimentation, and
collaboration among your colleagues, friends, and family
members.
Continuously monitor and evaluate your progress. Apply
the principles of Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring
to ensure that your innovations are driving you closer
to your goals.
Celebrate your successes, both big and small.
Acknowledge the progress you make as a result of your efforts
in Innovation and Optimization and use that momentum to
propel you forward.
The Unblinded Results Formula: A Holistic Approach to Process
Mastery:
86 SEAN CALLAGY
As we have explored the four steps of Process Mastery –
Modeling, Time Blocking, Maximization Through Measuring
and Monitoring, and Innovation and Optimization – we have
built a comprehensive framework for achieving Process Mastery.
By embracing the principles of Integrity Based Human
Influence, we can unlock our full potential and create lasting,
positive impacts in our lives and the world around us.
Conclusion:
Thank you for joining us on this journey through the Unblinded
Results Formula and the pursuit of Process Mastery.
By embracing the principles of Modeling, Time Blocking, Maximization
Through Measuring and Monitoring, and Innovation
and Optimization, we have laid the foundation for a life of success,
growth, and fulfillment.
As we move forward, remember that the heart of this process
lies in the integration of heart and math. By combining
our passion and emotion with the analytical and data-driven
aspects of Process Mastery, we can achieve our goals and
make a difference in the world.
Stay true to your path and remain open to continuous
learning, growth, and innovation. By doing so, you will not
only transform your own life but also inspire others to do the
same. Together, we can create a world where Integrity Based
Human Influence and Process Mastery guide us toward a
brighter future for all.
Chapter 10:
__________________________________
An Overview Of The Seven Levers of Marketing
And Sales Process Mastery
These levers form the foundation of the Unblinded Results
Formula, a powerful system rooted in Integrity Based
Human Influence. By mastering these levers, you will create
exponential growth in your money, time, and magic.
With a heart-centered approach and a focus on the "heart
& math" of Process Mastery, let's dive into each of these levers
and explore how they can revolutionize your business and life.
Additionally, we will discuss 10 examples of how business
owners, both large and small, have used these levers to generate
abundance in money, time, and magic.
Lever 0.5 - Shared Experiences:
The basis of strong relationships, shared experiences create
deep connections with others. By engaging in meaningful
activities and events with your target audience, you can foster
trust, loyalty, and a sense of belonging. This lever is all about
building relationships, which are the backbone of any successful
business.
Example 1: Apple's product launch events create a sense of excitement
and shared experience among Apple fans, fostering
loyalty and enthusiasm for their products.
Example 2: Local businesses hosting community events, such
as workshops or charity fundraisers, can bring people together
and strengthen their connection to the business.
88 SEAN CALLAGY
Lever 1 - Ecosystem Merging:
Ecosystem merging involves combining two or more complementary
ecosystems to create a more abundant and powerful
whole. By strategically merging ecosystems with your
ideal avatar, you can expand your reach, influence, and success
far beyond what you could achieve alone. This lever is
critical for scaling your business and creating synergistic partnerships.
Example 1: Tesla's acquisition of SolarCity allowed them to
combine their electric vehicle technology with SolarCity's solar
energy expertise, creating a more comprehensive clean energy
solution.
Example 2: A local bakery partnering with a nearby coffee
shop to provide fresh pastries, expanding their customer base
and increasing sales for both businesses.
Lever 2 - Speaking Engagements:
Public speaking is a powerful way to share your message,
establish authority, and connect with your ideal audience.
This lever focuses on securing speaking engagements in front
of your ideal avatar, allowing you to share your knowledge,
build credibility, and generate interest in your products or
services. Mastering this lever can open doors to new opportunities
and increase your visibility in the marketplace.
Example 1: Tony Robbins, the world-renowned motivational
speaker, has built a multi-million-dollar empire by sharing his
insights and expertise through speaking engagements worldwide.
Example 2: A small business owner presenting at local
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 89
business events or conferences can raise their profile and attract
new clients.
Lever 3 - Sales Meetings:
Sales meetings are where the rubber meets the road. Effective
sales meetings lead to agreement formation, increased
revenue, and business growth. By mastering this lever, you'll
learn to conduct sales meetings that inspire action, build trust,
and generate results. Remember, sales meetings are not just
about making a sale – they're about forging lasting relationships
and providing value to your customers.
Example 1: Salesforce, a global leader in customer relationship
management software, holds regular sales meetings to
build relationships with potential clients.
Example 2: A local real estate agent hosting regular open
houses and informational sessions can establish trust with potential
clients, leading to more sales.
Lever 4 - Sales:
Sales are the lifeblood of any business. Mastering the art
and science of selling is crucial for sustainable growth and success.
This lever focuses on developing your sales skills, understanding
your customer's needs, and crafting irresistible
offers. A heart-centered approach to selling ensures that you
are always acting with integrity and providing real value to
your clients.
Example 1: Amazon's incredible growth and dominance in the
e-commerce market can be attributed to their relentless focus
on customer needs, delivering value, and continually refining
their sales strategies.
90 SEAN CALLAGY
Example 2: A local fitness studio offering tailored membership
packages and personalized fitness plans can increase sales by
addressing the unique needs and desires of their clients.
Lever 5 - Disposable Income:
Increasing disposable income is all about creating financial
abundance and freedom. By following the 7 levers, you'll
generate more money, time, and magic – allowing you to invest
in experiences, causes, and opportunities that matter
most to you. Mastering this lever means making smart financial
decisions and leveraging your wealth to create a life of
abundance and fulfillment.
Example 1: Warren Buffett, one of the world's most successful
investors, has amassed substantial disposable income
through his strategic investments, allowing him to contribute
billions to philanthropic causes.
Example 2: A small business owner who successfully applies
the 7 levers can increase their disposable income, affording
them the opportunity to take vacations, support local charities,
or invest in new business ventures.
Lever 6 - Contribution:
A truly successful life goes beyond material wealth and
personal achievements. This lever emphasizes the importance
of giving back, making a difference, and creating a lasting impact
in the world. By focusing on contribution, you'll discover
a deeper sense of purpose, fulfillment, and happiness that
comes from helping others and leaving a lasting legacy.
Example 1: Bill and Melinda Gates, through their foundation,
have used their wealth and influence to contribute to global
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 91
health initiatives, education, and poverty alleviation efforts.
Example 2: A local business owner offering pro bono services
or support to non-profit organizations can create a positive
impact in their community and build a lasting legacy.
Lever 7 - Fun and Magic:
Last but not least, the Fun and Magic lever is all about embracing
the joy and wonder of life. Success is not just about
working hard – it's also about enjoying the journey and celebrating
the milestones along the way. By infusing fun and
magic into every aspect of your life, you'll create an environment
that attracts success, happiness, and abundance.
Example 1: Google's company culture, which emphasizes creativity,
innovation, and a fun work environment, has contributed
to their status as one of the world's most successful and
sought-after employers.
Example 2: A small business owner who prioritizes teambuilding
events, celebrates achievements, and encourages a
positive work environment can boost employee morale,
productivity, and overall success.
The 7 Levers of Marketing and Sales Process Mastery provide
a roadmap to exponential growth and success. By embracing
a heart-centered approach and mastering these
levers, you'll unlock the full potential of your business and life.
Together, we can create a brighter, more abundant future
for all.

Chapter 11:
__________________________________
Lever 0.5: Shared Experiences
All business is built on relationships.
All relationships are built on shared experiences.
Thus, the only question is: “What is the most efficient
shared experience, in terms of money, time, and energy to
build business relationships, and therefore to build business,
with my ideal ecosystem, speaking, and client avatars?”.
The profound truth and power of understanding and mastering
the execution of the above three statements cannot possibly
be overstated.
Other than doing nothing, the antithesis of the above truth
is: random networking.
The outcome of this lever, 0.5, is to source everything you
need for your business, in the most optimally and integrously
conditioned of ways.
Said differently, if you have no shared experience platform,
you have, by definition, in absolute terms, a suboptimal,
imprecise, randomized mode, relying upon luck and/or blessing,
to source the relationships you need for your business.
Let’s break down each component, with a bit of empathy,
respect, precision, and directness.
All business is built on relationships.
What does this mean?
At one time, an early human wandered about the wilderness
looking for dinner.
He had to source his own tools and weapons. He had to
source his own water. He had to source and maintain his own
94 SEAN CALLAGY
clothes.
This hunter also had to figure out where the animals are.
He then had to figure out how to hunt the animals, as well as
engage in the actual hunt.
If he is injured, he must tend to the injury himself and continue
to hunt for dinner injured or risk starvation, or at least
weakening from hunger to the point that he can no longer effectively
hunt and source food.
Then, if the hunt is successful and he survives, he must
skin and prepare the food, maybe creating his own fire, dealing
with all of those complexities and frustrations. He must defend
his meal from other animals, create his own shelter and
dispose of garbage, lest he be overrun by more creatures,
ranging from the annoying to the life-threatening.
And we think political divisiveness is a lot to deal with?
If all of this works out for this round of eating, he wins the
right to do it all over again. Round by round until he does not
or cannot do it again.
Some time later, he figures out how to build relationships,
and people are cooperating and performing many of these different
tasks together.
How all of this works together is in the section called Ecosystem
Merging.
That section will explore how to source those ecosystem
merger relationships.
Do you have any challenges in understanding that all business
is built on relationships?
Your marketing?
Your selling?
Your managing, leading, recruiting, fundraising…isn’t all
of it built on relationships?
Can there be any business without relationships?
If there is, it very closely resembles our early human who
is alone, exhausted, and barely surviving.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 95
However, if you are in business, then by definition you
CANNOT BE ALONE. If you are in business, you must have at
least one client, and therefore you are not alone.
Thus, your business is absolutely foundationally built on
relationships.
But, how do we build relationships?
Thankfully, we do not need to roam the plains of the
world.
What is a shared experience?
It is any interaction with a human being.
Examples include:
-Buying a hundred-dollar bill for one hundred thousand dollars
from Tony Robbins and going on his stage
-Waiting in line
-Flying on a private jet
-Ziplining
-Being edified in front of ten thousand people, hugged and being
told I am someone of integrity by Tony Robbins
-Raising money for charity
-Delivering supplies to Ukraine
-Skiing double black diamonds
-Shot skis
-Surfing with dolphins
-Kayaking with skates
-Jumping in the ocean with five-foot tarpon
-The Capital Grille private rooms
-Riding on the nose of dolphins
-Sky diving
-Jumping in the water at midnight with an offshore hurricane
taking place
-South Beach and Vegas parties
-Body surfing
96 SEAN CALLAGY
-Taking a helicopter to a mountaintop
-Scuba diving
Think about it.
Who was your best friend as a child?
Who is, or was, your last significant other?
Who is your best friend as an adult?
Think of one of your favorite clients.
Who is your closest family member?
With every single one of these people, what were the foundational
shared experiences that built your relationship with
them?
What are the shared experiences that continue your relationships?
And, think of relationships in any of these categories that
ended…didn’t the shared experiences begin to end? And as
they were ending, didn’t the shared experiences not resonate
optimally? Didn’t they become less and less pleasurable, fun
and exciting, and instead became more dull, arduous, and
probably even painful?
This may seem obvious.
There is a huge distinction between that which we know
AND that which is actualized.
How many movie stars get tighter after movies together?
How many relationships start at work, college, or even
high school and last forever?
How many people meet at the gym or church?
Shared experience is the ONLY way that people build relationships.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 97
Here is where math begins to enter the equation.
We each have one hundred sixty-eight hours in a week.
After taking out sleep, family, friends, and other socializing,
bathing, working out, meals, alone time, relaxation time,
serving clients, managing all aspects of business, praying
and/or meditation, how many hours are left for marketing and
selling?
With my twenty years as a certified coach and twenty-six
years of being a business owner, most people spend less than
ten hours per week in actual business development time. Even
if, however, someone is spending twenty or thirty hours, how
important is each of the Seven Levers?
Profoundly important.
Thus, the time we have to spend sourcing people and running
optimal shared experiences is extremely little.
AND, we have just articulated that if we do not have our
own shared experience platform, we are making an enormous
mistake.
The Question: what is the most efficient shared experience
in terms of money, time, and energy to create relationships
with your optimal ecosystem, speaking, and client avatars?
You are sitting in your professional practice, business
headquarters, and/or in your home office.
You want to exponentially grow.
You know business is built on relationships, and all relationships
are built on shared experiences.
Now what?
Logically, the creation of relationships, through shared experiences
are the key.
But how?
You can determine who your ideal ecosystem partner is,
call him or her, and invite them to summit Everest.
This process typically takes six months.
Of course, your ideal client avatar might not have six
98 SEAN CALLAGY
months to spare AND may not be up for the nearly ten percent
death rate for those that attempt to summit Everest.
Maybe this is not particularly optimal in terms of either
time or money efficiency, since summitting Everest costs
about one hundred thousand dollars all in.
How about energy?
Well, in light of blizzards, frequent deaths, and serious morale
challenges, summitting Everest may not be the most efficient
shared experience in terms of money, time, or energy.
So, what else?
A sporting event might be a solid choice. It does, however,
take about five hours, including traveling to the stadium for a
baseball or football game and watching the game itself. Tickets
can also be pricey and the game requires a lot of focus. This
may be meaningfully better than Everest, but still, it seems, it
is not perfect.
How about a random networking event?
Hmmm…
The cost and time efficiency, on the surface, do not seem
too bad, typically.
It may, however, be categorically, suboptimal.
Who are you meeting at these events?
The randomness factor skyrockets upward.
Wandering around the room looking to meet people is just
not mathematically efficient.
How about dinner at The Capital Grille, Morton’s Steakhouse,
or some outstanding Tony Robbins four-day immersion,
being on the Oprah Winfrey show or a weekend in the
Caymans? All qualify. They are all going to require a big time
and money investment.
So, what is optimal?
It is January 10th, 11th, and 12th, 2020.
Our first Unblinded event has one thousand three hundred
people in attendance. This shared experience is creating
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 99
something.
Jay Abraham, The Godfather of Marketing, and Kris Krohn,
with his tens of millions of video views, are in attendance.
Two months later, COVID is everywhere, and the world
shuts down
Everyone says it is over. We are a live events company.
How can we create the best of the live immersions, combined
with The Capital Grille?
There is a big difference between attending a webinar or
a live speaking event versus coming to dinner at The Capital
Grille.
I have an idea. The idea is to bring people onto an online
experience so that they can challenge themselves with the superpower
of influence.
Dinners can be very effective. Dinner, however, is somewhat
costly in terms of time. We must consider the drive to
and from the restaurant as well as time at dinner. Dinner is
also geographically restrictive because it does involve physical
travel to get to the restaurant. If you are from New Jersey,
having a dinner meeting with someone from Los Angeles, or
even Washington DC, it involves a significant investment of
time to physically get there or to wait until you are going to be
in geographic proximity for some reason.
So, when the world shut down in 2020, we were in very,
very real trouble.
It still does not change the question though: If all business
is built on relationships, and all relationships are created
through shared experiences, then what is the most efficient
shared experience, in terms of investment of money, time, and
energy, to create a relationship with optimal avatars?
Each part of that question matters, including the word
“optimal.” Optimal does not happen randomly. Thus, if you are
going to random networking events, it does not mean you will
meet your optimal avatars.
100 SEAN CALLAGY
And, if you are even going to an event with optimal people,
generally, it still does not mean you will meet them at all.
AND, even if you meet them, how will you meet them AND
who will you be when you meet them that way?
So, if you go to a random networking event, the group in
the room may not be optimal for you.
If you are a financial services provider and your ideal client
is a high-net-worth individual, defined as being worth five
million dollars or more with investable assets of at least one
million dollars, then the average business networking room
will not be mathematically optimal for you. If one hundred
people are in the room, most likely ten or fewer people will fit
your high-net-worth criteria.
What is the likelihood that you will meet those ten people?
Also, typically, high-net-worth people do not like to gather
in rooms where there are no other high-net-worth people.
Thus, if a room is not set to be either intentionally high-networth,
or if there isn’t a profession that would typically have
high-net-worth people, such as neurosurgeons for example,
then it is fully possible that even with one hundred people in
the room, none of those people would satisfy your criteria.
Under the example of ten ideal avatars randomly being in
the room, however, how do you find these people? You need a
blessing, luck, or whatever you believe in.
Already the math is off and not in your favor. Note: if your
intention is to socialize, great. Do not mistake socializing, however,
for optimal relationship creation.
So, we have evaluated the math problem that most people
you meet will not be your avatar. We have, within that challenge,
the great likelihood that you may spend five hours in
travel and event attendance and meet zero people who are
your avatar.
Then, we have the challenge of when you do meet them,
who are you to them?
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 101
For example, I, not for long, but I have attended random
networking functions only to discover that a “business event”
had very nice people, but all people who were in the most immature
stages of their business and relationship development.
Thus, I was not there to socialize. I was also not there to take.
I was there to find people that I could be one plus one
equals a million, billion, or trillion with. Instead, we were one
plus one equals zero, and I wasted five hours of my precious
time.
So, do not random network. It is unlikely that you will
meet your optimal avatars.
But what if the place promises to have your optimal avatars?
I’ve also gone to general legal events. At these events, we
have gone in at times randomly and at times as exhibitors.
Going to a legal event, at times, has resulted in the very
interesting dynamic of there being almost NO attorneys in attendance.
For every attorney at the conference, there were ten
exhibitors. In fact, at one conference I foolishly allowed, in absolute
violation of what I teach, for our team to convince me
to let us exhibit. Our team met zero attorneys in two days and
just met other exhibitors.
And, of course, this begs the question of who you are when
you meet them.
Are successful people that are your optimal avatars impressed
by you or your team as exhibitors?
Who is an exhibitor to most people: a salesperson, of
course.
And, are salespeople the individuals that people want to
meet?
Make the sound of how you feel about salespeople.
That is how people feel about you or your team, as a general
predisposition, when they meet you as an exhibitor. And,
how often are optimal avatars walking up to exhibitor booths
and saying: “Hi. I’m so happy to meet you and want to buy
102 SEAN CALLAGY
things from you."?
Our brain is ten times more drawn to danger and drawn
to pay attention to danger than it is to pleasure or benefit.
As a byproduct of this truth, our brain is drawn to see what
may not be true or valuable about anything new or different.
Why?
Because new or different are both very, very dangerous.
What?
Our Self Mastery is how able we are to get ourselves to optimally
do things.
Two primal forces stand in the way of us being able to optimally
get ourselves to do things. And there are forces that
determine our ability to overcome this.
Fundamentally, our fear of rejection and fear of failure determine
at what level we are in Zone Action or not.
There is a Scale of Mastery. And, it is never the question of
whether you are a Master or not a Master. Instead, it is about
the question of where you are on the Scale of Mastery.
Am I a one in two? A one in the ten, or the ninetieth percentile?
Am I one in one hundred at a nine point nine level of
mastery? One in one thousand? One in ten thousand? One in
one hundred thousand? One in a million?
Oprah is a one in a billion as a multibillionaire African
American woman who has suffered trauma and had a teen
pregnancy.
And, if you are less than a one in twenty person in terms
of mastery, or a nine point five, then you are a Dabbler under
our scale.
You are generally in Dabbler behavior.
This is not a judgment of you, but an assessment of behavior.
In the same way we can assess the performance of a gymnast,
trumpet player, tango dancer, quarterback, pizza maker,
event thrower, a book or a movie, Master versus Dabbler and
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 103
at what level is simply an assessment.
This assessment, the truth of it, in terms of Process, Influence,
and Self Mastery is controlling your money, time, and
magic right now and whether you break through to the next
level or not.
In the chapter about Self Mastery, we touched on the
Seven Destroyers of Self Mastery, and these destroyers determine
if you are operating on the side of mastery or if you are
dabbling, and at what level.
Two destroyers are the top focus, destroyers five and six,
which are fear of rejection and fear of failure. And they are
shaped and informed by the first four destroyers and then finally
manifested in destroyer number seven.
The 7 Destroyers of Self Mastery:
1. Not using Drugs…Physiology
2. Not having a strong enough, conditioned-in Why
3. Not choosing your identities in all ways relevant to
driving your business forward… (Who are you in each
part of business?)
4. Not choosing relevant limiting and empowering beliefs
5. Not being able to identify fear of rejection
6. Not being able to identify fear of failure
7. Not being certain on Zone Action due to chunking issues
Again, the top destroyers are fear of rejection and fear of
failure.
In the end, these two forces determine what level of Self
Mastery you are operating at.
Self Mastery, “mastery” being a key term of art, is at what
level are you are engaging in Zone Action. This entire book is
what Zone Action is about and how we discern it.
Zone Action is the most efficient action step possible to
104 SEAN CALLAGY
bring about your outcome.
At all times, we are at some level of Zone Action, or not, to
bring about our mission, vision, and purpose, as well as the
sub-outcomes that are necessary to be achieving Zone Action.
Let’s differentiate the Master and the Dabbler.
The Master Says:
1. What is the truth?
2. What don’t I know to optimize my Zone Action?
3. If I know it, what can I optimize to execute at the highest
level of mastery to achieve it?
4. If I am in Zone Action, how can I be having fun and loving
the process?
The Dabbler Says:
1. How do I feel about doing this? Do I like it? Is it comfortable?
2. The Dabbler is looking for what they know to feel more
certain, not what they do not know to be at higher levels
of Zone Action.
3. The Dabbler is not looking at ways to optimize execution,
rather they are saying “Why do I need to listen to
this? I am already doing this.”
4. The Dabbler is constantly at the effect of whether what
they are doing is fun or not, as opposed to seeking how
to make it fun in order to continue to build lifeforce energy
into what they are doing.
Some people can read this book and say:
This doesn’t feel comfortable.
And, I know this.
And, I am doing this.
And, this isn’t fun so therefore, I’m not doing this, because
it isn’t valuable, it isn’t me and there must be another way.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 105
The Master, on the other hand, is asking:
What is the truth? Where is the truth in this and what is
the ultimate truth?
What don’t I know here and what can I learn on a macro
or micro level to exponentially accelerate living in my life mission,
vision, and purpose, as well as produce my optimal outcomes
to drive my money, time, and magic with integrity?
Then, the Master is asking, even if I know this, what can I
learn today or do today to support my Zone Action and to be
more consistently masterful?
And, how can I optimize my Zone Action through finding
ways to make everything feel more fun, powerful, loving, magical
and every other feeling I want to have?
And, our Dabblerness is insidious. It hides and lurks in corners.
It is there to help us avoid feeling like we are rejected or
failing.
As we rise in mastery, however, we relate very differently
to our fears of rejection and failure.
The Master has mastered two things that the dabbler has
not.
First, the Master knows there is no such thing as rejection.
Second, the Master knows fear of failure, unlike rejection,
is very real. We only have limited resources, a certain amount
of money, time, and energy. So, the Master knows how to use
his or her fear of failure to drive Zone Action, not avoid Zone
Action.
So, how do you choose to show up in this book and in business
in relation to your Marketing and Sales Process Mastery?
Here are some simple ways of helping you distinguish between
showing up at events as a Master or Dabbler to bring
those four different Master and Dabbler points to life or not.
1. How extensively are you taking notes?
106 SEAN CALLAGY
2. How fully are you participating in verbally answering
the questions?
3. How extensively are you in the room physically or virtually?
4. How responsible are you for your energy level being at
a nine point five or higher?
5. Are the questions you are asking yourself about how to
optimize, or rather are they about what you believe
you already know or are already doing?
The Master knows that the power of acceleration is in two
places: the integrity, the truth of the macrostructure, and the
micro-processes that serve the integrity of the macrostructure.
It is as simple as plumbing, or your cardiovascular system.
If a pipe is out, you get no water. A hundred and fifty pipes
form the reservoir so that your home can be working, but if
one is not working, then you have no water coming out of the
faucet. If one of those pipes burst in your body, you cease to
live within seconds.
It is the exact same for the integrity of your Marketing and
Sales Process Mastery.
The Dabbler says, “Well, I don’t like doing that, so I don’t
need to do that. I’ve been successful without it.”
The Master says, “WOW, that is an exponential force multiplier
now and continues to be a force multiplier as we go.”
There is never any judgment in this space. And we propose
you do not judge yourself.
We do propose you seek the truth in the assessment of
your masterful or dabbling behaviors and consistently seek to
be a nine point nine level Master or higher.
As Yoda says: “Choose wisely.”
Where do you think you are on the scale of Master versus
Dabbler?
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 107
Are you seeking truth or are you looking at how you feel,
and at what level?
Are you saying “I know this.”? Or are you asking “What do
I not know on a macro and micro level?”
Are you looking for confirmation that you are doing this or
are you instead looking for macro and micro distinctions of
what you may not be doing, looking for broken pipes that may
be destroying exponential flow, or even the life of your
dreams?
Are you at the effect of how things feel that decrease your
energy, or are you causing how you feel in order to accelerate
Zone Action even higher?
Are you taking notes?
Are you vigorously, verbally, and energetically participating?
The rest….
As Mr. Miyagi said, “Walk left side of road (not trying). Ok.
Walk right side of road, path of Master. Ok. Walk middle of
road, crunch and crack.”
What do you choose? Mastery or Dabbling, for this book,
and eventually for life?
We’ve already established that random networking is not
the way to meet your optimal avatars and that shared experiences
are necessary because all business is built on relationships
and all relationships are built on shared experiences.
So, what is the most efficient shared experience you can
create in terms of money, time, and energy?
The Heart of Influence became an innovation in our
shared experiences by asking continuously: “What is the most
efficient shared experience we can create when we can’t meet
live?”
The answer became an even more optimal version of a
Capital Grille private room dinner virtually.
Six to eight people, along with our team, like the ten-seat
108 SEAN CALLAGY
private room.
Then, do a version of introductions, as we do there.
Next, add a sequencing to condense the slower-moving,
more generalized version of the night and turn it into one
hour.
The value is in introducing people to people they want to
meet.
But, where does that leave us? Are we just the connectors?
That is valuable, but it is leaving out a huge piece of mastery
that conveys our Heroic Unique identity in a powerful and primary
way.
This piece has to be there, since it is a unique piece of mastery,
even a superpower.
So, we added the Magic Moment section, where I get put
on the hot seat.
It must be energized, fun, and disruptive: Willy Wonka
meets Martin Luther King, meets the focused leadership of
Herb Brooks and Muhammad Ali, meets loving grandmother,
meets Oprah saying “I see you. I hear you, and what you say
matters to me.”
How do we do this in one hour?
In the beginning, it was okay, but still far from optimal. Me,
one on one. Then one on two. Then, two participants and three
judges. Then, it became two participants, four to six judges,
someone introducing the people, and a set role player to add
fun, humor, disruption, heart, and energy.
So, we eventually were doing the show daily. Then, we
were doing the show twice daily. Now, we are often doing the
show three times daily.
We created partnerships.
We will discuss in the Ecosystem Merging section why and
how to do this in integrity.
For now, though, here is the question: “How would you
compare a show where you bring on your optimal avatars as
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 109
ecosystem partners (still to be described in later sections),
speaking opportunities, (still to be described ahead), and client
opportunities versus random networking?”
One is far easier…or is it?
Is random networking and suffering through not building,
growing, and scaling to achieve what you want, actually easier?
In the moment, yes. In the long run, it will crush and destroy
your dreams.
Thus, building your own shared experience platform, with
us or on your own, is as vital an asset to get you to your ultimate
money, time, and magic outcomes as your arteries are to
your life.
Without an intentional sourcing mechanism of your optimal
avatars, you cannot hit your outcome.
Now, let’s answer a summary shared experience chapter
question.
Now that we know we need a shared experience, why
should I care about this ecosystem thing and who is my optimal
ecosystem merging avatar?

Chapter 12:
__________________________________
Lever 1: Ecosystem Mergers
Now, let's explore the heart and math of Ecosystem Merging.
Defining Ecosystems:
An ecosystem is a group or network of interconnected individuals
or entities that self-identify with a common interest,
value, or purpose. Ecosystems can be formed around various
factors such as geography, shared hobbies, professional affiliations,
or belief systems. Tango dancers, Jets fans, New Jersey
residents, NASA, Burning Man, Chase Bank, Kobe Bryant, Tony
Robbins, and YOU are all examples of ecosystems. The key to
effective ecosystem merging is identifying and connecting
with ecosystems that include your ideal avatar – the individuals
or entities that perfectly align with your values and goals.
Ecosystem Merging: The Three Levels
Ecosystem merging is the process of combining two or more
ecosystems to create a more abundant and powerful whole.
There are three levels of ecosystem merging, each representing
a deeper level of commitment and integration:
Level 3 – "Dating": At this level, the currency is trust and integrity.
Two ecosystems merge through simple one-page commitment
agreements and can help each other get booked for
speaking engagements, assemble an audience for shared experiences,
or create additional ecosystem mergers. There is
112 SEAN CALLAGY
no financial agreement at this level. It's essential to build trust
with your ideal avatar at this stage, as it lays the groundwork
for deeper connections and collaborations.
Level 2 – "Engaged": A step beyond dating, this level involves
a financial agreement that allows one ecosystem to create
monetization outside of their primary business. For example,
Unblinded can create monetization through selling programs
and booking speaking engagements, Callagy Law can provide
legal services, and Epic Financial can offer life insurance. This
level is akin to being engaged to someone. At this stage, it's
crucial to work closely with your ideal avatar to ensure both
parties benefit from the merger, fostering a long-lasting and
mutually beneficial partnership.
Level 1 – "Married": The highest level of ecosystem merging,
where two ecosystems create a unique entity and share equity.
This requires a more thorough legal agreement and represents
a long-term commitment, much like marriage. With
your ideal avatar, you'll be able to achieve even greater success
as you work together toward common goals and visions.
The Four Components of Ecosystem Merging:
To evaluate the potential of an ecosystem merger, consider
these four components:
Identity: Social proof is crucial in establishing trust and credibility.
Think of the power of taking pictures with celebrities or
athletes – it instantly boosts your social status. Your ideal avatar
should have a strong identity that aligns with your values
and goals, enhancing the credibility of the merged ecosystem.
Relationship Capital: It's not just about the number of people
you know, but the influence you have with them and whether
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 113
they are ideal avatars for the other ecosystem. Cultivating
deep, authentic connections with your ideal avatar is critical
to the success of the ecosystem merger.
Monetary Capital: The most well-understood component,
money is not always the most valuable asset in an ecosystem
merger. It depends on the needs and goals of the ecosystems
involved. However, aligning monetary capital with the combined
vision of your ideal avatar and your ecosystem can help
fuel growth and create more abundance.
Teammates with Unique Skills: Often undervalued and misunderstood,
unique skills are not always directly related to one's
profession. Abilities like getting a "yes" on a microphone, raising
money, or leading teams can be more valuable in an ecosystem
merger. Identifying and leveraging the unique skills of
your ideal avatar can significantly enhance the value of the
merged ecosystem, leading to greater success and impact.
Examples of Ecosystem Merging in Business:
Let's look at some more examples of how business moguls
have used ecosystem merging to create massive abundance:
Apple and IBM: In the 1990s, Apple and IBM, once fierce competitors,
decided to merge their ecosystems to create a powerful
alliance that changed the technology industry.
Elon Musk: Elon Musk's various companies, such as Tesla,
SpaceX, and SolarCity, all focus on different aspects of sustainable
energy and technology. By merging these ecosystems,
Musk is working toward a shared vision of a sustainable future.
Richard Branson: Richard Branson's Virgin Group includes
114 SEAN CALLAGY
companies in various industries, from aviation to telecommunications.
By merging these ecosystems, Branson has created
a global brand recognized for its innovative approach and
commitment to customer service.
Oprah Winfrey: Oprah's media empire, including her television
network, magazine, and production company, all focus on
personal development, inspiration, and empowerment. By
merging these ecosystems, Oprah has created a powerful platform
to reach and influence millions of people worldwide.
Disney and Pixar: Disney's acquisition of Pixar in 2006 created
a powerful ecosystem merger that combined Disney's iconic
characters and storytelling with Pixar's innovative animation
technology, resulting in a new era of successful animated
films.
Amazon and Whole Foods: In 2017, Amazon acquired Whole
Foods, merging the e-commerce giant's logistics and technology
prowess with Whole Foods' reputation for high-quality,
organic products. This ecosystem merger expanded Amazon's
reach into the grocery market and improved Whole Foods'
distribution capabilities.
Facebook and Instagram: When Facebook acquired Instagram
in 2012, it merged two leading social media ecosystems, allowing
both platforms to leverage each other's user bases,
technologies, and advertising capabilities, resulting in enhanced
growth and profitability.
Microsoft and LinkedIn: Microsoft's acquisition of LinkedIn in
2016 brought together the technology giant's software and
cloud computing expertise with LinkedIn's vast professional
network, creating new opportunities for collaboration, learning,
and growth in the business world.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 115
Emphasizing the Importance of Merging Ecosystems with
Your Ideal Avatar:
The key to successful ecosystem merging is identifying and
connecting with ecosystems that include your ideal avatar –
the individuals or entities that perfectly align with your values
and goals. By focusing on merging with ecosystems containing
your ideal avatar, you'll create lasting relationships built on
trust, integrity, and a shared commitment to abundance and
success.
Always remember the importance of embracing a heart-centered
approach in every aspect of your life, including ecosystem
merging. By doing so, you will create lasting relationships
built on trust, integrity, and a shared commitment to abundance
and success.
It's time to experience the magic of Ecosystem Merging and
unlock the full potential of the 7 Levers of Marketing and Sales
Process Mastery. Together, we will change the world and create
a brighter, more abundant future for all.
Here's to your success and the power of heart and math in ecosystem
merging.
It’s time for a self-assessment in terms of your Ecosystem
Merging.
What is an ecosystem?
What is an Ecosystem Merger?
What are four values to exchange in an Ecosystem Merger?
Which values are you providing most regularly now and
116 SEAN CALLAGY
which do you have to offer?
Whose identity can you raise?
Who can raise your identity?
What relationship capital do you have?
Who has relationship capital for you?
Are you raising, providing, neither or both with monetary capital?
What unique skills do you have? Most unique and valuable
skill?
What are you looking for?
Speakers?
Audience assemblers?
Service providers?
More?
How many Ecosystem Mergers do you have?
How high is the quality?
What is happening, what is the deal and how can they be optimized?
Which are optimal Ecosystem Mergers for you?
Which are easiest?
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 117
What are your outcomes for this year in terms of Ecosystem
Mergers?
How are you going to leverage Shared Experiences for the
sourcing of new Ecosystem Mergers?
Which are in process and what can you do to optimize and/or
finalize them?

Chapter 13:
__________________________________
Lever 2: Speaking Engagements
Lever Two, Speaking Engagements…The Power of The
Stage and the Microphone.
It is the summer of 1997. I am engaged in a labor of love
with my grandmother Nonnie and my mom. We are at a garage
sale. Not just any garage sale, but the garage sale to end all
garage sales, two blocks from my grandmother and grandfather’s
home on Long Beach Island, New Jersey.
Few things would I rather do less than go to a garage sale.
However, few things would I rather do more than do something
my beloved grandmother, in all of her selflessness, actually
loved to do.
God has a beautiful sense of humor and magic.
As my grandmother critiques the pricing on fifty-cent
items that she is sure should be only a quarter, I find the book
section.
Dozens of books are lined up with beaten-up covers. One
looks interesting enough to pick up: How to Make A Fortune
From Public Speaking, by Robert Anthony.
My life would never be the same.
For one dollar and some garage sale time with Nonnie and
my mom, I had my Bruce Springsteen, discover the guitar moment.
Except there was something much more accessible at
stake. This public speaking thing, well, it created a lot more for
everyone, and the guitar did not.
And, as great a guitar player as Bruce Springsteen is, I
quickly realize that he is an even better public speaker.
120 SEAN CALLAGY
Muhammad Ali.
Gandhi.
Nelson Mandela
Joe Rogan.
Bill Gates.
Warren Buffett.
Oprah Winfrey.
Margaret Thatcher.
Beyonce.
John Lennon.
Herb Brooks.
John Wooden.
They all had mastered, amongst other things, the power of
the stage and the microphone.
Implementing Robert Anthony:
From Robert Anthony, to Gerry Spence, How to Argue and
Win Every Time, to Tony Robbins, to Dale Carnegie, and all the
people listed above, I began to truly appreciate the power of
group influence. Integrous Group Influence, as we define it, is
taking a thought from your mind, heart, and soul, and transferring
it to a group of people, having it received and acted
upon.
This lever changed my life because it is the bridge from
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 121
Ecosystem Merging at Lever One to exponentially increasing
Sales Meetings at Lever Three.
My life changed forever with a speaking engagement
called You Are At War And You Don’t Even Know It, before
first, The Northern New Jersey Chiropractic Society, and later,
the New Jersey Chiropractic Society.
My sales meetings skyrocketed. It was all over.
I was in shock at the acceleration. Two sales meetings per
month became two sales meetings per day of an incomparably
higher quality.
I also realized that a speaking engagement: was not just a
formal public speaking engagement.
Instead, speaking engagements are any form of group influence.
Virtual speaking engagements, billboards, text blasts,
WhatsApp, social media, a book like this, a movie, an infomercial,
direct ad copy, or any other thing you can think of that
communicates to more than one person is a speaking engagement,
as we define it within this book.
It should be noted that we differentiate a shared experience
from a speaking engagement as follows. A shared experience
is mostly about bringing together people for the purpose
of meeting and spending time, more than the value of what
you are sharing. A Speaking Engagement is more about your
valuable message to the audience.
For example, a Capital Grille private room dinner where
everyone is mostly randomly chatting is a shared experience.
On the other hand, if at the same Capital Grille private
room, you are teaching five people at the table about estates,
corporate transactions, taxes, investing, drug dealing, or some
other skill set, this changes the game.
The way we use the phrase “speaking engagement” is anything,
any messaging that you get out to people. Your website
is a speaking engagement.
You standing in front of a group of people to speak, a text
122 SEAN CALLAGY
blast, an email blast, a video you post online, and any communication
expressed to people in an ecosystem counts as a
speaking engagement.
A speaking engagement includes anything that's getting
your messaging out to and in front of humans.
Speaking engagements are necessary to create sales meetings,
and sales.
We're going to explore how we create more sales meetings,
through ecosystem merging and speaking engagements.
Leakage also may occur from the speaking engagements
into the sales meetings if piping is not set up properly. Suppose
you have a speaking engagement, there are 500 people
in attendance, and you only created two sales meetings from
it. There's enormous leakage.
We're going to talk about how you close that leakage. If
you have 500 people at the speaking engagement and you
have 300 sales meetings, obviously it is a lot better than having
only two sales meetings. Sales are the product. And those
sales numbers are driven by price as well as the quality of the
avatar.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment.
What is a Speaking Engagement?
What are ten different types of atypical Speaking Engagements?
What is the difference between your speaking platform and
your shared experience platform?
What are two types of stages?
What is the purpose of Speaking Engagements?
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 123
How do you condition the audience?
How many Speaking Engagements are you doing?
How often do you run your own platform?
What are your goals over the next twelve months for quantitative
and qualitative growth?
How many paid Speaking Engagements do you intend to
source?

Chapter 14:
__________________________________
Lever 3: Sales Meetings
The transition from Lever 3, Sales Meetings, to Lever 4,
Sales, starts with discerning value. The process to identify
what that value is, during Lever 3, is a critical component to
be able to influence later, in Lever 4, which leads to disposable
income in Lever 5.
Understanding what the components of value are is crucial.
Value can be completely different for each person, and all
value is not created equally. If no discernible actions are taken
prior to this transition, it can make it almost impossible to influence
with integrity. Taking the time to create a value ladder
and really beginning to understand your ideal avatars is an absolute
must.
Pairing optimal sales meetings with the right options of
proposals is key. You may have an unbelievable, irresistible
proposal, but with the wrong avatar based on criteria such as
business vertical, geography, or level of success, the results
can be wildly different. This is all in the process in Lever 3, the
sales meeting, leading up to Lever 4, Sales.
This leads to the assessment of the quality of the sales
meetings, which opens up an entirely new conversation about
what a quality sales meeting is. First, does the person know
they are entering into a meeting where they will be offered an
opportunity to make a financial commitment?
If the answer is no, I argue from the beginning this would
not be considered a quality sales meeting. I would even say
that it should not even be considered a sales meeting, and
could be referred to as an alignment call.
126 SEAN CALLAGY
A second determining factor of a quality sales meeting
would be The Who. Are they someone who truly has the resources
to be able to say yes to the value that is being offered?
Of course, there is a possibility that anyone can say yes to anything,
but when measuring the quality of the meeting, a true
assessment of what the criteria and expectations are, is an unbelievably
important factor.
For example, if you are selling private jets, it would make
sense to have a minimum threshold of income in place before
you put your top salesperson on a call. This may seem obvious,
but I can assure you this happens all the time if there is no
process in place.
Another simple example is geography. If your business is
a solar company and you are doing “in-home sales,” you
wouldn’t want your top salesperson to have to travel over two
hours to get to the sales meeting. Not only does this reduce the
time he will have to go on other calls or meetings, but it will
also raise the risk of what could happen if no one is home.
A third example of a suboptimal sales meeting would be
having one of your top sales reps on a sales call with an accountant
proposing him or her a 2-week trip to the Bahamas
in March. They would not be leaving on a trip one month before
the tax deadline. Many of these things, and countless
other examples may seem like they would never happen, and
you are right that they shouldn’t, but if you don’t discern the
process and criteria upfront in writing, in a process document,
these things not only might happen, they will happen more
times than you can count.
This is not only about quantity. This is where the quality
of the sales meeting becomes critical. Also, what is the process
to determine a quality sales meeting?
Let’s check in for a self-assessment.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 127
What is a sales meeting?
What is not a sales meeting?
How many are you having? How many did you have in 2022
and 2021?
What is your outcome for acceleration over the next twelve
months?
What is the quality of your sales meetings?
How would you rate your sales meetings?
What is your follow-up process for sales meetings?

Chapter 15:
__________________________________
Lever 4: Sales
We have now transitioned from Sales Meetings in
Lever 3 to Sales in Lever 4.
When you think of this lever, you may think only of your
ability to go from “hello” to “yes” based on your influence.
What if I said that although, of course influence is a huge piece
of selling, it actually could be rivaled by the process piece of
sales? Imagine you have 2 salespeople and one has a 50%
higher degree of influence. Let’s say both sell the same product
for two different companies. One company has a value
stack that provides 3 times the value for double the price. This
will also make the same offer more attractive and will require
less influence to achieve a “yes.”
Higher priced, higher-valued products and services, as
well as lower-priced services can increase revenue in Process
Mastery.
So, salesperson 1 sells 10 products for $1,000 each, while
salesperson 2 only sells 5 products for $2,000 each. The process
of adding value allows the weaker salesperson to have
more value to add, making it easier to sell, and also allows for
fewer sales, yet increases revenue.
Another example would be having a process where salespeople
have the ability to sell lower-ticket products or services.
Not only will this allow lower-skilled salespeople to
bring in revenue, it will also allow them to build influence
skills and confidence. The process of how salespeople can advance
to selling higher-priced products and services should be
standardized and clear.
130 SEAN CALLAGY
Another way Process Mastery in this lever can increase
revenue is the through the process of adding incentives for
sales and salespeople, which could also include a process for
those incentives to be tied to a duration of time and time windows.
Using real deadlines in service of the client to support
them in saying yes, as well as supporting the salesperson in
their ability to cause yes.
The process of how quickly salespeople get paid will also
determine how effective this process will be. A shorter
timeframe in the action occurring with the person getting paid
can motivate and inspire action exponentially. Measuring and
monitoring in this space is equally as important because a
suboptimal process here will destroy integrity and could have
the opposite effect overall.
Salespeople need to see and know their numbers. The process
of seeing dashboards and how their sales compare to the
rest of the team can be the difference between having a completely
successful organization or going out of business in less
than a year. If salespeople feel like their numbers are off or
things are not being tracked properly, trust will be lost and so
will sales. Full transparency in the process is absolutely critical.
The process of how a sales meeting transitions to a sale
may be one of the greatest areas of leakage and an area where
everything can collapse. Without this process and piping tight,
measured, and monitored at every turn, you can go from hero
to zero.
A broken process here is catastrophic. What are the systems?
How are calendars being used? Who is communicating
with each other for a seamless transition? How well is information
being conveyed to the salesperson and what is the process
the salesperson goes through? What are the salesperson’s
requirements and what are the expectations for him or her for
each sale? All of these things must be outlined, in writing, and
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 131
thoroughly agreed upon. No affirmative agreement here and
there is disagreement.
The process of how sales move from achieving a yes, to
payment taken, to client services, is also another critical process.
You are not done just because a payment is made. What
is the next step in the process? Asking “Who and by when?”
will now move the ball forward. What happens in the next 24
hours is a reflection on everything. Just when the client is excited
and looking forward to getting started, a broken process
here can completely destroy trust and give the dreaded
“buyer’s remorse.”
Applying the Formula in selling can be the difference between
selling everything or selling nothing. Without a guide
for salespeople to stay consistent and on track, it will make it
very difficult to grow and scale. The process of recording these
sales calls and using the recordings for training is another
must in the sales process. What you don’t monitor, you cannot
innovate on.
Influence Mastery needs to be scored and there needs to
be a process to do that. Self-assessment is important here, but
it is more important for leaders to be able to have a universal
and consistent approach and method to identify good and bad
habits. This is the only way to optimally grow and scale a sales
force.
The ability to also define Process Mastery in any sales process
is a very valuable tool. Having the sales team fully understand
Process Mastery is a means to take influence to the next
level. Having salespeople present and aware of Process Mastery
and its relevance to the sale is key. Blindly having the
sales team follow a process without having them truly understand
it, can cause the missing of goals and outcomes.
The sales process can be equally as important as mastering
influence.
132 SEAN CALLAGY
Let’s check in with a self-assessment.
What is a sale?
What is not a sale?
How many sales meetings are you having monthly? How many
did you have in 2022? How many did you have in 2021?
What is your outcome for increasing sales this year?
What is your average sale?
How can we raise this?
How can you have more repeat sales?
Chapter 16:
__________________________________
Lever 5: Disposable Income
Lever Five is Disposable Income. If you have a fully functioning
business at any level, and you increase your gross revenue,
your disposable income number jumps exponentially.
However, it doesn't increase just by the gross income number
increasing, because disposable income is what you have left
over after business and other living expenses.
Most Americans live paycheck to paycheck and have
$5,000 in their checking and savings accounts combined.
To move that needle for most people, and to increase your
disposable income is massively easy to do. We will show you
the math of how to do it. Why do we care about that? We care
about it because we want to keep leveraging ourselves into
truth. The truth that we're leveraging ourselves into is that by
not having a shared experience, we could be decreasing our
disposable income in the next 12 months, by hundreds of percentages.
Even if money doesn’t matter to you and magic is your top
priority, if you want to create massive impact and become the
next Oprah, if you don't have regular shared experiences, you
have leakage. You’ll either never reach your magic outcome,
or it could take a decade to do so, when you could get there in
just two years if you make .16 screw turns within the math of
your seven levers. And maybe we don't quite get to Oprah. But
maybe we get to a level beyond Tamron Hall’s success and impact.
The Seven Levers are the key to increasing our disposable
income and our money, time, and magic. They are all
134 SEAN CALLAGY
interconnected and flowing to one another. The seven levers
are the key to exponentially increasing your levels of disposable
income. And it all starts with shared experiences, and
flows into ecosystem mergers, which flow into speaking engagements,
sales meetings, and sales.
Through Lever 0.5 Shared Experiences and Lever 1 Ecosystem
Mergers, in his commitment to the Formula, my partner
in a financial services company, Rob Gill, went from 8 to
2,000 sales meetings. As a result of his mastery in following
the Formula, he and his team members have generationally
changed their disposable income numbers.
A prime example of disposable income increasing exponentially
exists at Callagy Law. How did I have the privilege of
handing someone on the team a one-million-dollar bonus
check?
That million-dollar bonus check came out of this exact
same Formula as a result of our Top 100 National Jury Verdict,
which was a result of Self, Process, and Influence Mastery. And
we could do it over and over and over and over and over again.
Through our commitment to and mastery of The Formula
and the 7 levers, we were able to increase disposable income
for families generationally.
Now, if you think you’re ready to rock just because you
have a podcast that you have people on, we'll talk about the
math of shared experiences, and why we so adamantly and vehemently
say that if you're not having someone on who's got
a massive following, it is not optimal to have just one person
on at a time. Use the law of math.
Remember, disposable income is what is left after our
business and life expenses.
Let’s do a self-assessment.
What is disposable income?
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 135
Why is it so critical to understand?
What are your expenses?
What is your gross income?
What is your net income?
What happens if you increase revenue by ten percent, thirtythree
percent, one hundred percent, two hundred percent?
Where, if at all, do you need to spend more to service revenue
increase?
What will you do with the disposable income?

Chapter 17:
__________________________________
Lever 6: Contribution
Welcome to the sixth of the 7 Levers.
A truly successful life goes beyond material wealth and
personal achievements. This lever emphasizes the importance
of giving back, making a difference, and creating a lasting impact
in the world. By focusing on contribution, you'll discover
a deeper sense of purpose, fulfillment, and happiness that
comes from helping others and leaving a lasting legacy.
Through heart-centered and direct communication, we will
explore the essence of contribution and understand the vital
role it plays in our lives and businesses.
The Journey Thus Far:
As you've traveled through the first five levers, you've gained
knowledge and experience in:
Shared Experiences: Connecting with others and building
trust.
Ecosystem Merging: Integrating with ideal avatars to create
synergy.
Speaking Engagements: Inspiring and educating your audience.
Sales Meetings: Navigating the landscape of customer interactions.
138 SEAN CALLAGY
Sales: Transforming prospects into loyal customers.
Disposable Income: Maximizing your earnings for personal
and professional growth.
Each of these steps has built upon one another, forming a
strong foundation for the sixth lever: Contribution. As you
continue on this journey, the focus now shifts to the broader
impact of your actions and the power of leaving a lasting, positive
mark on the world.
The Importance of Contribution:
Contribution is the ultimate expression of a heart-centered
approach to business and life. By dedicating time, resources,
and energy to making a difference in the lives of
others, we transcend the pursuit of material gains and tap into
a deeper sense of purpose. Through contribution, we create a
ripple effect of positive change that far outlasts our individual
efforts and becomes an integral part of our legacy.
Three Inspiring Examples of Contribution:
Warren Buffett: As one of the world's wealthiest individuals,
Warren Buffett has made a lasting impact through his philanthropic
endeavors. In 2006, he pledged to give away 99% of
his wealth to charitable causes, mainly through the Bill &
Melinda Gates Foundation. Buffett's unwavering commitment
to giving back demonstrates the power of contribution in creating
a better world for future generations.
Oprah Winfrey: A media mogul and philanthropist, Oprah
Winfrey has dedicated her life to making a difference. Through
her various foundations, including the Oprah Winfrey Foundation
and the Oprah Winfrey Operating Foundation, she has
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 139
contributed millions to education, disaster relief, and social
justice causes. Oprah's spirit of generosity showcases the impact
one person can make through the power of contribution.
Elon Musk: The visionary entrepreneur behind Tesla and
SpaceX, Elon Musk has committed to using his vast resources
to tackle pressing global challenges. In 2021, he donated $100
million to establish the XPRIZE Carbon Removal competition,
aimed at developing innovative solutions for climate change.
This example of leveraging resources for the greater good exemplifies
the true essence of contribution.
Even raising money for charity and your contributions can
have optimal or suboptimal processes at play. At Unblinded
we teach how to exponentially rise in your ability to fundraise
through a process I created called Sustainable Giving.
The 3 Components of Sustainable Giving:
1. Is this cause just and valid?
2. Is there going to be efficiency of how the charity will do
and what it will do?
3. Recognition / Not anonymous = identity raised:
Acquisition of identity assets, multiplication of relationship
capital, monetary capital, and teammates with
unique skills to exponentially make the world an even
greater place.
Through Sustainable Giving, I have raised millions of dollars
for charity at non-charity events, including raising over 10
million dollars in 2022. This method is transferrable, and others
I have trained in using this have raised millions by using
this process as well.
140 SEAN CALLAGY
Conclusion:
Embracing Lever 6, Contribution, allows you to connect
with your heart's purpose and create a lasting, meaningful impact
on the world. By integrating the previous levers and focusing
on making a difference, you will not only experience
the joy of giving but also inspire others to follow in your footsteps.
As you embody the spirit of the Unblinded Results Formula,
let the power of contribution become the driving force
in your life and business.
Integrating Contribution into Your Business and Life:
To fully harness the power of contribution, consider the following
practical steps:
Define your mission: Begin by reflecting on what matters most
to you and your business. Identify the values and causes that
resonate with your heart, and craft a mission statement that
aligns with these principles. By clearly defining your mission,
you set a foundation for meaningful and impactful contributions.
Collaborate with like-minded organizations: Seek out partnerships
with organizations that share your values and vision.
Through collaboration, you can amplify your impact, learn
from others, and leverage resources to make a greater difference.
Develop a culture of giving: Encourage your team to embrace
a spirit of generosity by integrating philanthropy into your
company culture. Offer volunteer opportunities, match employee
donations, or establish a company-wide giving initiative
that supports your mission.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 141
Share your story: Use your platform to inspire and educate
others about the importance of contribution. By sharing your
journey and the impact of your efforts, you invite others to join
you in making a difference.
Measure and celebrate your impact: Regularly assess the outcomes
of your contributions to ensure they align with your
mission and goals. Celebrate your successes and use them as
opportunities to learn and grow.
The Ripple Effect of Contribution:
As you begin to focus on contribution, you will notice the
ripple effect it creates. Your actions will inspire others, and together,
you can transform the world. By leading with a heartcentered
approach, you become a beacon of hope and possibility,
demonstrating the true power of Integrity Based Human
Influence.
Remember that contribution is not a one-time action, but
a lifelong journey. Continually strive to make a positive impact,
learn from your experiences, and adapt your approach
as needed. As you embrace the spirit of contribution, you will
find yourself enriched by the joy and fulfillment that comes
from making a difference.
Final Thoughts:
As we conclude our exploration of Lever 6, Contribution,
remember that this is a crucial component of the Unblinded
Results Formula. By integrating contribution into your life and
business, you elevate your journey to one of purpose, impact,
and lasting legacy.
Embrace the heart and math of Process Mastery as you
continue to learn, grow, and evolve.
142 SEAN CALLAGY
It’s time for another self-assessment.
What is contribution?
What are the things we have to give?
How much is that for you now?
How much will that be for you in twelve months?
How much will it be in five years?
How much will it be in ten years?
Chapter 18:
__________________________________
Lever 7: Fun and Magic
Fun & Magic: The 7th Lever:
The final lever is what it is all about. In the end, if it is not
fun and magical, why do it?
As we dive into the world of "Fun & Magic," we invite you
to embrace the joy, wonder, and excitement that life has to offer.
In this book, we will discuss the importance of integrating
fun and magic into your professional and personal life, while
sharing practical examples and strategies to help you harness
the power of this final lever.
Remember, success is not just about hard work; it's also
about enjoying the journey, celebrating your milestones, and
creating a life filled with happiness and abundance. So, let's
get started and infuse some "Fun & Magic" into your life!
Section 1: Understanding the 7th Lever – Fun & Magic:
Fun and Magic is the 7th and final lever in the Process Mastery
framework for Integrity Based Human Influence. It is an
essential aspect that adds excitement, energy, and fulfillment
to every other lever. Let's briefly recap the previous levers before
diving deeper into Fun & Magic:
Shared Experiences
Ecosystem Merging
Speaking Engagements
144 SEAN CALLAGY
Sales Meetings
Sales
Disposable Income
Contribution
Each of these levers plays a vital role in building a successful,
integrity-based business and life. But it's Fun & Magic that
ties them all together and keeps us engaged, motivated, and
inspired.
Section 2: The Power of Fun & Magic:
Fun and Magic are more than just mere entertainment or
distractions; they are essential ingredients for sustained success
and happiness. When you incorporate Fun & Magic into
your life and business, you:
Boost creativity and innovation
Strengthen relationships and teamwork
Enhance motivation and engagement
Improve productivity and performance
Foster an atmosphere of joy, abundance, and success
By infusing Fun & Magic into your life, you create a magnetic
environment that attracts success, happiness, and abundance.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 145
Section 3: Examples of Business Moguls Who Deployed
Fun & Magic:
Let's take a look at three business moguls who have successfully
incorporated Fun & Magic into their enterprises:
Richard Branson: Founder of the Virgin Group, Richard Branson
is known for his adventurous spirit and penchant for
pushing boundaries. He has built a corporate culture centered
around fun, innovation, and employee happiness. From staff
parties to his annual "Necker Cup" tennis tournament, Branson
has made Fun & Magic a core aspect of his business.
Tony Hsieh: The late CEO of Zappos, Tony Hsieh, was a strong
advocate for happiness and fun at work. His vision led to the
creation of a company culture that prioritized employee satisfaction
and the delivery of exceptional customer service. Zappos'
offices, known for their playful environment,
demonstrated Hsieh's commitment to integrating Fun &
Magic into the workplace.
Elon Musk: As the CEO of Tesla and SpaceX, Elon Musk is no
stranger to innovation and fun. His company events, such as
the Tesla Cybertruck unveiling, are often characterized by an
atmosphere of excitement and awe. Additionally, Musk's ventures
into electric vehicles, solar power, and space exploration
all convey a sense of wonder and possibility that embodies the
essence of Fun & Magic.
Section 4: Strategies for Executives and Entrepreneurs to
Deploy Fun & Magic:
Here are some practical ways for executives and entrepreneurs
to infuse Fun & Magic into their business:
146 SEAN CALLAGY
Celebrate milestones and achievements: Acknowledge the
hard work and accomplishments of your team by celebrating
significant milestones and achievements. This can include anything
from completing a major project to reaching sales targets
or celebrating work anniversaries. By celebrating these
accomplishments, you create a sense of pride, motivation, and
unity within your team.
Encourage innovation and creativity: Create an environment
where your team members feel free to experiment, take risks,
and explore new ideas. Encourage brainstorming sessions, allocate
time for personal projects, and provide the necessary
resources for innovation. By fostering a culture of creativity
and curiosity, you'll inspire your team to think outside the box
and have fun while doing it.
Organize team-building events and activities: Team-building
events, both on-site and off-site, can help strengthen relationships,
build trust, and create a sense of camaraderie among
your team members. These activities can range from workshops
and retreats to casual outings or even volunteering opportunities.
By investing in team-building events, you'll create
a more cohesive, supportive, and enjoyable work environment.
Integrate humor and playfulness into daily work: Encourage
humor and playfulness in the workplace by sharing jokes,
funny stories, or lighthearted moments with your team. This
can help alleviate stress and create a more enjoyable atmosphere,
ultimately boosting productivity and employee satisfaction.
Create a visually inspiring workspace: Design your workspace
to encourage creativity, collaboration, and a sense of wonder.
THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 147
This can include incorporating bright colors, artwork, and
comfortable seating areas that invite people to relax, unwind,
and share ideas.
Offer flexible work arrangements: By providing flexible work
arrangements, such as remote work or flexible hours, you can
empower your team members to find the work-life balance
that works best for them. This can lead to increased productivity,
job satisfaction, and personal fulfillment.
Fun & Magic is the final piece of the puzzle in mastering the 7
Levers of Process Mastery. By incorporating Fun and Magic
into every aspect of your business and personal life, you create
an environment that promotes creativity, innovation, and
happiness.
As you continue to refine your skills and implement the principles
of Integrity Based Human Influence, never forget the
importance of Fun & Magic. Embrace the joy and wonder of
life, and remember that success is about enjoying the journey
and celebrating the milestones along the way. With Fun &
Magic as your guiding force, you'll unlock the full potential of
the 7 Levers and create a life filled with happiness, abundance,
and success.
Now it's time to take action. Start implementing the strategies
shared in this book and infuse Fun & Magic into your life and
business. You'll be amazed at the transformation that occurs
as you embrace the power of the 7th Lever.
Let’s check in for a Fun and Magic self-assessment.
What is fun and magic?
What is fun and magic for you?
148 SEAN CALLAGY
How would you like to increase your fun and magic over the
next twelve months?
How would you like to increase your fun and magic over the
next five years?
How would you like to increase your fun and magic over the
next ten years?
How would you ultimately like to increase your fun and
magic?
Where do we go from here? Come join us at one of our live
or virtual immersions to see what you don’t see about, and to
actualize, the exponential acceleration of your money, time,
and magic!
Our primary immersions are on Influence Mastery, Self Mastery,
Marketing and Sales Process Mastery, and Integrous
Group Influence Mastery.
Take advantage of your complimentary one on one Unblinding
session or attend one of our immersions by contacting Unblinded
at 732-672-9002 or going to
www.unblindedmastery.com
This is real.
Have the conversation now if you are ready to accelerate
your business and life as you know is possible.