GROUP
INFLUENCE
GRAND CAYMAN
________________________________

SEAN CALLAGY
NICOLE “TINK” MAIELLO

2

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

Group Influence Grand Cayman
Copyright © 2023 by Sean Callagy and Unblinded
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or
transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.

Introduction:
__________________________________
Welcome to Neverland.

Y

ou have stepped into a world of love, connection,

wonder, possibility, rich history, one of the world’s most
beautiful undersea ecosystems, and yes, even pirates.
Our time here together is for you. If you so desire, treasure and riches, far beyond the wildest dreams of the pirates
of the Caribbean who searched here, await you.
The treasures can be found in our time together, solo
walks on the beach, under the sea on the reefs, or off the
coral walls. The treasures can also be taken home with you
and will eventually grow in value more than any gold or precious stones.
When I first heard of this place, I was thirteen years old.
In my scuba certification class with my dad, our instructors
told us tales of “The Caymans” as though it was a distant,
mysterious world to be discovered.
There is a beautiful book, which some would falsely call
a children’s book, named The Giving Tree. It describes a relationship a boy, then a man, had with a tree that gave him
everything he needed, when he needed it, throughout every
stage of his life.
This island holds that possibility for all, and it certainly
has been that for me.
When I first came here at age twenty-three, I was headed
off to law school, to avoid being not only blind, but also broke

6

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

and an alcoholic, like some blind people I had come to know.
I had just finished reading John Grisham’s book, The Firm,
and the island was exploding with energy as the movie The
Firm, starring Tom Cruise, had just finished filming in Grand
Cayman. The world beyond the tiny ecosystem of certified
scuba divers, had now discovered “The Caymans.”
My first wall dive here changed my life forever. It was
like filling the Grand Canyon with water and stepping off the
edge. In six thousand feet of water, over the North Wall, as it
dropped straight into the abyss, I had both the feeling of flying like Superman and of being eaten by a monster coming
out of the depths, like Jaws. Two hundred plus dives on this
island later, I have lost the fear of Jaws, but not the magical
feeling of wall flying.
As I was finalizing the sale of my first law firm, I came
here for weeks in the summer of 2002. My son Tyler was two
years and eleven months old and my oldest daughter Courtney was eight months old. At what is now a sacred space to
my family and me, the Aqua Bay Club, Courtney discovered
eating sand, and Tyler and I met a magical fish named
Whitey. Our relationship with Whitey continues more than
twenty years later to this day in something that is nothing
short of mystical and soulful.
This island wonderland holds space for peace, relaxation, joy, passion, love, growth, acceleration, exploration, adventure, escape, wonder, awe, and healing of the body, mind,
heart, and soul.
I have experienced every one of those feelings from my
now thirty-one-year relationship with Grand Cayman.
As I write this, approaching my twenty-eighth trip, tears
of gratitude flow down my face.

GROUP INFLUENCE

7

I have had the privilege of bringing more than three hundred people to this island.
My children, who have formed a bond very similar to
mine with this space, my first and second wife, my parents,
my beloved grandmother Nonnie just two years before she
went to heaven, my two-time Emmy award-winning sister,
Randi, my aunts, uncles, cousins, my children’s friends, the
Callagy Law team, after the second top one hundred jury verdict, Selina’s mom, Mona, when we were just friends and she
came here to heal her heart, dear friends, the Unblinded ecosystem, and of course, the incredible Unblinded team.
Tink has experienced my family here and my dad’s famous “give me a good pour” story.
Almost the entire Unblinded team is now certified in
scuba diving thanks to Nick Buckley of Deep Blue Divers and
his amazing team of scuba instructors that have changed
over the thirteen years since my oldest child began diving
here at ten years old. His sisters dove here for the first time
at the ages of eight and seven. Shhhhhh…. Don’t tell anyone
that. The scuba police may arrest us and the Division of
Youth and Family Services may consider the statute of limitations against me not yet expired.
Numerous times we have had the privilege of heading
straight from the plane to the dive boat.
No words can do justice to the moments of opening
nights at Rackam’s with our tarpon friends, shipwrecks, sergeant majors, virgin pina coladas, and the sunsets. We have
befriended and been marked by countless sting rays while
snorkeling and diving at a site that is arguably the most famous on the planet, thanks to Captain Marvin, who invented
sting ray encounters many years ago.

8

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

My daughters’ love of the pool, experiencing my daughter Courtney at four years old free diving ten feet down off
the boat in the ocean to greet me and three-year-old Emma,
who was on my back, snorkeling hundreds of yards off shore,
Seven Restaurant, cooking the fish Tyler and my dad caught,
swarms of silversides blocking visibility in underwater swim
throughs with my kids, shark attacks on Tyler’s fin, and returning there in hopes that it would happen again, and it did.
Playing Truth or Dare with Michael Smikun as he was
chased out of the Ritz Carlton lounge by an overzealous participant, Tom LaGreca becoming Sexy Pappi as he befriended dolphins.
The turtle farm never growing old, at least for me.
The magic of Casa Nova, beach dinners, and the magic of
our first-ever Group Influence Immersion last year.
Tink’s creating magical events for Callagy Law and Unblinded that may even have included newly patented tasty
beverages, and called upon stars as if drawn by an artist for
magical nights on the beach.
Adam and Fernando landing and becoming certified
right from the plane, to Tink staying after and heroically
overcoming some bizarre and challenging obstacles on her
way to scuba certification.
Of course, the birth of the buoy bunch with Chad, Barb,
Bill (and our heroic adventure fighting the currents and supporting teammates), Steph, Shiobhan, Marc, and, uh oh, has
anyone seen Zeke? Last I saw he was being sucked away by
the currents to Cuba, dreaming of Captain Marvin’s daughter.

GROUP INFLUENCE

9

That experience at Macabuca is only rivaled by the night
Tyer and I left dinner to scuba dive there at night in a thunder and lightning storm, some time before the lightning bolt
meant what it now means.
Please don’t tell DYFS about that one either.
Our dear friend and Elite One Hundred member, Patricia
Marseille, perhaps captured it best as she referenced Peter
Pan and the reimagining of old negative connections into
positive ones in her now iconic Unblinded moment.
So yes, it is what you make of it.
Thirty-one years later, for some, Grand Cayman has become just another cruise port and shopping destination.
I know better though.
It can be as little or as much as you choose.
As our dear friend Yoda advises, “Choose wisely young
Jedis.”
The force awaits you, as does the magic, time, and money
of the choice of your level of mastery.
Group Influence is not what brought me to this island for
the first time, but it is what made it our family’s and the Unblinded Ecosystem’s home outside of the great state of New
Jersey.
This trip would not be possible without Unblinded cofounders Adam Gugino, Fernando Valencia, and Nicole Maiello. This mission would have gone the way of Calico Jack
Rackham without their tireless efforts.
The entire Unblinded team, including Heart of Influence
cohost, Stephanie Bella Ann Verita Vehon, Momma of Unblinded, Gina Ricci, Pauly, The Mayor, C, Michael Johnson,

10

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

and the rest of the incredible team. Special Thanks to Callagy
Law, Tony Robbins, Platinum Partnership, Rob Gill, and the
Epic team for all of the value they add. Without all of it, none
of this happens.
As Willy Wonka shared, surprises await around every
corner, but nothing dangerous. Well, maybe the former, but
I’m not as sure about the latter.
Tink has pixie dust wherever you need to fly, and I mean
the best, and natural, magical kind.
Your magic and mastery await you….
Welcome to Group Influence Grand Cayman 2023, and
may it be everything now, and forever, of which you dream.
In your service,
Pan
AKA Sean Callagy

Chapter 1:
__________________________________
What Is Group Influence And Why Does
It Matter?

C

icero

Bugs Bunny
WWE
Abraham Lincoln
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Helen Keller
Jesus
Benjamin Franklin
Willy Wonka
Peter Pan
Tinker Bell
Charlie Chaplin
Bruce Springsteen
Tony Robbins
Malcolm X
Warren Buffett
Mark Zuckerberg
Barack Obama

12

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

Elon Musk
Oprah Winfrey
Taylor Swift
Muhammad Ali
Michael Jordan’s Mother, Deloris
Herb Brooks
Nelson Mandela
Mahatma Gandhi
Mother Teresa
Frank Sinatra
Tom Brady
Derek Jeter
Bill Gates
Gerry Spence
George Washington
Jeff Bezos
Socrates
Batman
Dr. Seuss
And…
Mickey Mouse
What do these people and characters have in common?
Hint: It is not green eggs and ham.

GROUP INFLUENCE

13

Of course, they possess the only attainable superpower
of Group Influence Mastery.
In 1954 Roger Bannister achieved the superhuman feat
of running a sub-four-minute mile at precisely 3:59.4 seconds.
But, was it actually superhuman?
Less than fifty days later, Roger Bannister’s record was
broken.
In the nearly seventy years that have passed since Roger
Bannister ran 3 minutes 59 seconds, 16 seconds have been
shaved off of Roger Bannister’s impossible achievement.
The current record is approximately seven percent
faster than Roger Bannister’s time.
According to reference.com, the average person can run
a mile in nine minutes.
This means that the world record holder is about 2.5
times faster in the mile than the average person.
What do you think the difference in Group Influence is
between the above list of people and the average person?
One in 25,000 companies makes it to ten million dollars.
Mickey Mouse’s company is worth 185 billion dollars.
George Washington defeated the greatest fighting power
the world had ever seen.
Abraham Lincoln kept that nation from destroying itself.
The median net worth of an American family is
$121,700.
Oprah Winfrey’s net worth is 3 billion dollars.

14

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

For those keeping score at home, this means that Oprah
Winfrey has an approximately 25,000 times higher net
worth than the average American family.
To equal Oprah, Roger Bannister would have to run a
mile in less than one-tenth of one second.
I don’t think anyone is doing that any time soon.
And, Warren Buffett’s net worth is 35 times that of Oprah
Winfrey.
This is why we, with absolute certainty, proclaim that
Group Influence is the greatest attainable superpower for a
human being.
And, nothing else is even arguably close.
This is why this book matters more than anything else
you can possibly read and actualize.

WHAT IS GROUP INFLUENCE?
Group Influence is the ability to transfer an idea from
your mind, heart, and soul to more than one person’s mind,
heart, and soul, have them receive it, understand it, and act
upon it due to energetic transference.
Integrous Group Influence is when we are adding more
value than we are taking to more than one person and we are
fully transparent with our intentions.
Jeff Bezos is worth nearly 200 billion dollars and his influence changed how America and other incredibly successful nations shop and so much more.
Helen Keller raised tens of millions of dollars for charity
(in today’s dollars), and she could not see, hear or speak (for
most of her life).

GROUP INFLUENCE

15

In 1982 the WWF was purchased for one million dollars.
Currently, WWE, the WWF’s successor company is worth
nearly 8 billion dollars.
Deloris Jordan, Michael Jordan’s mother, rejected Nike’s
$250,000 offer and instead created an ecosystem merger
with Nike that resulted in Michael Jordan, who was paid 90
million dollars during his NBA career, to receive 1.3 billion
dollars from Nike. 1.3 billion is approximately 5,200 times
$250,000.
The differences are not linear. They are exponential, and
at times, even infinite.
These folks, fictional characters, and entities possessed
the highest level of ability to transfer an idea from the mind,
heart, and soul to the minds, hearts, and souls of billions of
people and have their ideas received and acted upon.

INTEGROUS GROUP INFLUENCE INCLUDES BUT IS
NOT LIMITED TO:
1. Leadership
2. Management
3. Public Speaking
4. Hosting / Entertaining
5. Introducing And Working With New Groups
6. Any Other Category You Could Possibly Think Of
Where There Is Any Group Of People

16

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

LEADERSHIP:
Group influence is a crucial aspect of leadership. Here
are some examples of how group influence applies to leadership:
Building consensus: Leaders often need to build consensus within a group in order to achieve a common goal. This
requires the leader to influence the group by encouraging dialogue, addressing concerns, and finding common ground.
What do you think it took for the founding fathers to
bring the thirteen colonies together to declare independence, commit treason punishable by death, and take on the
greatest fighting force the world had ever seen by signing the
Declaration of Independence on July 4th, 1776?
Inspiring and motivating: Leaders need to inspire and
motivate their teams to achieve success. This requires the
leader to influence the group by setting a clear vision, articulating goals, and demonstrating their own commitment to
success.
How many people do you think could have done what
Herb Brooks did to create the greatest upset in the history of
organized sports by aligning and inspiring college hockey
players to defeat the greatest hockey power the world had
ever seen, the Soviets, in the 1980 Miracle on Ice?
Encouraging innovation: Leaders often need to encourage innovation within a group in order to achieve breakthrough results. This requires the leader to influence the
group by creating a supportive environment for creativity
and risk-taking, and by providing resources and support for
experimentation.
How about Bill Gates and IBM?

GROUP INFLUENCE

17

Promoting diversity and inclusion: Leaders need to promote diversity and inclusion within their teams in order to
achieve better results. This requires the leader to influence
the group by creating a culture that values and respects differences, and by encouraging open communication and collaboration.
MLK, Mother Teresa, Helen Keller, and Nelson Mandela
anyone?
Managing conflict: Leaders often need to manage conflict
within their teams in order to maintain productivity and cohesion. This requires the leader to influence the group by
providing guidance and support, promoting active listening
and understanding, and finding solutions that meet the
needs of all parties.
Thank you, Abraham Lincoln, for saving and transforming America.
Overall, group influence is a key component of effective
leadership. By building consensus, inspiring and motivating,
encouraging innovation, promoting diversity and inclusion,
and managing conflict, leaders can create a positive and productive environment for their teams and achieve success.
How does Mickey Mouse keep all of the Disney princesses from pulling each other’s hair out?

MANAGEMENT:
Group influence is also an important aspect of management. Here are some examples of how group influence applies to management:
Creating a positive work environment: Managers need to
influence the group by creating a positive work environment

18

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

that promotes productivity, creativity, and job satisfaction.
This requires the manager to listen to employee feedback,
foster open communication, and promote teamwork.
Vince McMahon and the WWE? Those good guys and bad
guys certainly worked together to build an 8-billion-dollar
empire.
Setting performance expectations: Managers need to influence the group by setting clear performance expectations
that align with the organization's goals. This requires the
manager to communicate expectations effectively, provide
feedback and coaching, and recognize and reward performance.
Do you know why Bruce Springsteen believes the E
Street Band was the greatest performing live act in rock history? Because he made them.
Managing change: Managers need to influence the group
by managing change effectively. This requires the manager
to communicate the need for change, address concerns and
resistance, and support employees through the transition.
George Washington saved America when he convinced
the fledgling unpaid United States military not to revolt and
destroy the capital.
Developing talent: Managers need to influence the group
by developing talent and building skills within the organization. This requires the manager to identify employee
strengths and weaknesses, provide training and development opportunities, and offer career development support.
How about Batman and the Justice League?
Fostering collaboration: Managers need to influence the
group by fostering collaboration and teamwork. This

GROUP INFLUENCE

19

requires the manager to encourage open communication,
promote knowledge sharing, and facilitate cooperation between team members.
Perhaps this was Frank Sinatra and the Rat Pack until
they were fighting over women?
Overall, group influence is an essential aspect of effective
management. By creating a positive work environment, setting performance expectations, managing change, developing talent, and fostering collaboration, managers can
promote productivity, job satisfaction, and organizational
success.
McDonald’s was even able to keep Warren Buffett as a
client after all these years.

PUBLIC SPEAKING:
Group influence is also important in public speaking.
Here are some examples of how group influence applies to
public speaking:
Engaging the audience: Public speakers need to influence the group by engaging the audience and capturing their
attention. This requires the speaker to use storytelling, humor, and other techniques to connect with the audience and
create a memorable experience.
Do you have a dream? MLK certainly did.
Conveying a clear message: Public speakers need to influence the group by conveying a clear message that resonates with the audience. This requires the speaker to use
language that is clear and concise, and to organize the content in a logical and compelling way.
Malcolm X was not confused about where he stood.

20

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

Establishing credibility: Public speakers need to influence the group by establishing credibility and expertise in
their subject matter. This requires the speaker to provide evidence and examples to support their claims, and to use language that demonstrates their knowledge and experience.
The Apostles were not confused as they went from 11,
Judas did not quite make it, to 2.2 billion Christians.
Creating a call to action: Public speakers need to influence the group by creating a call to action that inspires the
audience to take action or change their behavior. This requires the speaker to provide a clear and compelling reason
for the audience to take action, and to provide actionable
steps that the audience can take.
Tony Robbins? Are you kidding me? The dude gets people to walk on fire…and pay him meaningfully to do it.
Building rapport with the audience: Public speakers
need to influence the group by building rapport with the audience. This requires the speaker to be authentic, show empathy, and connect with the audience on a personal level.
People don't care how much you know until they know
how much you care.
Overall, group influence is an important aspect of public
speaking. By engaging the audience, conveying a clear message, establishing credibility, creating a call to action, and
building rapport with the audience, public speakers can create a memorable and impactful experience for their listeners.
How did that Sean Callagy guy shatter sales records from
Tony Robbins’ stage?

GROUP INFLUENCE

21

HOSTING / ENTERTAINING:
Group influence is also important when hosting or entertaining. Here are some examples of how group influence applies to hosting/entertaining:
Creating a welcoming atmosphere: Hosts need to influence the group by creating a welcoming atmosphere that
makes guests feel comfortable and at home. This requires
the host to greet guests warmly, provide refreshments and
entertainment, and introduce guests to each other.
Tink, a living nativity scene, really?
Promoting conversation and interaction: Hosts need to
influence the group by promoting conversation and interaction between guests. This requires the host to facilitate introductions, provide ice-breaker activities, and encourage
guests to mingle and socialize.
Have you met Tink’s pal, Ebenezer Scrooge?
Setting the tone and mood: Hosts need to influence the
group by setting the tone and mood of the event. This requires the host to select appropriate music, decorations, and
activities that align with the theme and mood of the event.
Or maybe, just have it snow inside.
Managing conflicts and issues: Hosts need to influence
the group by managing conflicts and issues that arise during
the event. This requires the host to address issues promptly,
discreetly, and professionally, and to ensure that all guests
feel comfortable and respected.
Adam Gugino often had to do this as women fought over
him in the New Jersey club scene, leading to him almost becoming a reality television star.

22

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

Creating a memorable experience: Hosts need to influence the group by creating a memorable experience that
guests will enjoy and remember. This requires the host to
provide unique and memorable activities, entertainment,
and experiences that leave a lasting impression on the
guests.
Tink, little people, is that actually still legal?
Overall, group influence is an important aspect of hosting and entertaining. By creating a welcoming atmosphere,
promoting conversation and interaction, setting the tone
and mood, managing conflicts and issues, and creating a
memorable experience, hosts can ensure that guests have a
positive and enjoyable experience.
See you at next year’s Unblinded and Callagy Law Christmas and Holiday Party.

INTRODUCING AND WORKING WITH NEW
GROUPS:
Group influence is also important when introducing and
working with new groups. Here are some examples of how
group influence applies to introducing and working with
new groups:
Building relationships: When working with new groups,
it is important to build relationships with the members. This
requires the individual to introduce themselves, show interest in the group and its members, and ask questions to get to
know them better.
Willy Wonka always integrated with the Oompa
Loompas.

GROUP INFLUENCE

23

Demonstrating expertise: When working with new
groups, it is important to demonstrate expertise in the subject matter or field. This requires the individual to share
their knowledge, experience, and credentials, and to provide
examples of their work or accomplishments.
The perfect example of this is Fernando Valencia teaching people how to do their hair.
Providing value: When working with new groups, it is
important to provide value to the members. This requires
the individual to understand the needs and goals of the
group, and to provide solutions or resources that can help
them achieve their objectives.
Derek Jeter was captain of the New York Yankees not because he had the best personal stats, but because he caused
his team to win championships.
Building trust: When working with new groups, it is important to build trust with the members. This requires the
individual to be honest, transparent, and reliable, and to follow through on commitments and promises.
Perhaps Adam Gugino causing everyone to jump into ice
baths right before Leigh Steinberg’s Super Bowl Party is a
prime example of this.
Communicating effectively: When working with new
groups, it is important to communicate effectively with the
members. This requires the individual to use clear and concise language, active listening skills, and the appropriate
tone and body language to convey their message.
Bugs Bunny does this. Daffy Duck does not.
Overall, group influence is an important aspect of introducing and working with new groups. By building

24

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

relationships, demonstrating expertise, providing value,
building trust, and communicating effectively, individuals
can establish themselves as credible and valuable members
of the group, and make a positive impact on its success.

OTHER CATEGORIES:
Some other examples of how group influence can apply
in different areas:
Marketing: In marketing, group influence can be leveraged by using social proof, testimonials, and endorsements
from influencers to influence purchasing decisions and create a sense of community around a Heroic Unique Identity.
Social media: On social media, group influence can be
seen in the form of likes, shares, and comments. Social media
algorithms also use group influence to promote content that
is popular or trending among a user's social network.
Can you believe that Rob Gill is now a social media influencer? The dude was afraid to shoot a single video when I
met him?
Politics: In politics, group influence can be used to mobilize voters, influence public opinion, and rally support for a
candidate or cause. This can be achieved through grassroots
organizing, social media campaigns, and strategic messaging.
No one knew who Barack Obama was, and then he was
elected to the most powerful position on the planet Earth.
Education: In education, group influence can be used to
promote learning and encourage participation. This can be
achieved through group projects, collaborative learning, and
peer mentoring.

GROUP INFLUENCE

25

Oh wait, isn’t this what Unblinded is?
Sports: In sports, group influence can be used to build
team cohesion, motivate athletes, and create a sense of camaraderie among teammates. This can be achieved through
team-building exercises, shared goals, and a sense of shared
responsibility for success.
Without doing this on the court for six NBA titles, Michael Jordan doesn’t get the 1.3 billion dollars from Nike.
Overall, group influence is a powerful tool that can be
leveraged in a variety of contexts to achieve different goals
and outcomes. By understanding how group influence works
and how it can be applied, individuals and organizations can
maximize their potential for success.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
GROUP INFLUENCE:
1.

What is Group Influence?

2.

Why does Group Influence Matter so much and
how would you quantify its value?

3.

If you do not master Group Influence, what is it
costing you?

26

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

4.

If you master Group Influence and are not deploying it, what is it costing you and how does it cost
you now and for the rest of your life?

5.

Name 5 famous examples of Group Influence that
powerfully inspire you from nonfiction.

6.

Name 5 Examples of Group Influence from fiction
that powerfully inspire you.

7.

Name 5 Examples of Group Influence of people you
know personally and the effect their group influence
has had on their own lives and the lives of others.

8.

What are your commitments around your own
Group Influence mastery?

GROUP INFLUENCE

9.

27

How committed are you to 20x your Group Influence now?

Chapter 2:
__________________________________
Modeling The Greatest

“S

uccess leaves clues,” says Tony Robbins.

What does this mean?
It means do what works, do not reinvent the wheel, but
rather conserve massive amounts of time and energy.
Thus, who is the most masterful at Group Influence, and
what do they have in common?
Muhammad Ali, Oprah Winfrey, Malcolm X, Bruce
Springsteen, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Tony Robbins, Gerry
Spence, Willy Wonka, Robin Williams, Batman, high school
coaches of mine like Larry Ennis, Dennis Slezak, Stan Woods,
and Tom Faloto, amongst others have all formed the basis of
the Group Influence model of the Unblinded Formula.
All of these people have had tremendous success in causing Group Influence from world to National, to state, and local levels.
Who else would you model?
Modeling is: identifying individuals or even fictional
characters who embody the characteristics, values, and beliefs we wish to emulate. This journey is not about replicating someone else's life or success, but rather, it's about
adopting their best attributes to empower our own growth.

GROUP INFLUENCE

29

We have identified the greatest people from the real
world that you do not know, your greatest fictional characters, and the greatest people you do know in group influence.
Simply put, Modeling is the process of following the optimal formula (a.k.a. recipe) based on the people who have
produced the outcome at the level and efficiency which you
are seeking.
The first step is to determine what the specific “outcome” is that you are trying to achieve. What is an outcome?
It is a result that is written, specific, numerical, and can be
measured and monitored for the purpose of determining
conditions of success, optimizing processes and strategies,
and celebrating.
The second step is finding an “expert” in that field, i.e.,
someone who has done exactly what you are trying to do.
The third step is to find out what they did and duplicate
their process (i.e., get their recipe). If you are using a recipe,
you have to follow the exact recipe to produce the exact same
result. If you deviate from the recipe, you produce a different
result – sometimes better, sometimes worse.
Do not change the process until you are sure you have
mastered it.
The failure to adhere to the process results in a false belief that the process does not work. If you do not follow the
recipe (i.e., miss or skip ingredients), you cannot say the
product is awful.
The fourth step is to take massive zone action using that
set process.

30

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

MODELING THE GREATEST:
We can learn from Batman's dedication to justice and his
unwavering commitment to his mission, despite facing adversity.
Or we can draw inspiration from Bruce Springsteen's
work ethic and his ability to connect with audiences through
authentic storytelling.
We must first open our hearts to the possibility of personal transformation and then develop the framework
within the Formula to bring it to life.
When selecting masters to model, remember that no one
is perfect. It's important to recognize that you can appreciate
and learn from certain aspects of a person or character without necessarily endorsing everything they stand for. Be dis-

cerning and select the qualities that resonate most with you
and your goals.
For instance, you might admire Muhammad Ali for his
unshakable self-confidence and ability to stand up for his beliefs, or Coach Herb Brooks for his leadership and ability to
inspire a diverse group of individuals to come together as a
cohesive unit.
Consider Modeling different individuals for various areas of your life. You may admire one person for their business acumen, such as Oprah Winfrey, who built a media
empire through perseverance, vision, and a commitment to
empowering others. Or you might be inspired by someone
like Tony Robbins for his emotional intelligence and ability
to help people break through limiting beliefs.

GROUP INFLUENCE

31

By drawing inspiration from multiple sources, you can
create a rich tapestry of attributes that will guide you on
your path to mastery.
Once you have identified the Masters you choose to
model, begin to explore their beliefs and actions. What are
the core principles that guide their decision-making? How
do they approach challenges, and what habits or rituals have
they adopted to maintain their focus and motivation? What
habits have they formed and what precise actions do they
take to reach their masterful skill sets? By understanding
these elements, you can begin to integrate them into your
own life.
For example, Jay Abraham, a renowned marketing strategist, has a deep understanding of the principle of leverage
and is known for finding innovative ways to create value for
businesses. By studying his thought process and approach,
you can gain insights into developing creative marketing
strategies for your own endeavors.
Another example is Abraham Lincoln, who demonstrated great empathy, humility, and a commitment to unity
in the face of division. By embodying these values, you can
cultivate stronger relationships and foster collaboration in
your personal and professional life.
Remember, the key to successful Modeling is to transform these insights into actionable steps. For instance, if you
want to develop the same intellectual curiosity as Albert Einstein, dedicate time each day to reading, attending seminars,
or engaging in other educational activities.
In relation to Group Influence, when individuals see
someone they respect or admire behaving in a particular
way, they are more likely to imitate that behavior

32

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

themselves. This can be particularly effective in group contexts, where social norms and expectations can have a strong
influence on individual behavior.
Modeling can be used in a variety of ways to influence
group behavior. For example, a leader might model positive
behaviors such as punctuality, hard work, and cooperation
in order to set a positive example for others. Alternatively,
group members might model behaviors such as active listening, empathy, and openness in order to create a more positive and supportive group dynamic.

LET’S CHECK IN FOR A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
MODELING:
1.

What is modeling?

2.

Why is modeling so valuable?

3.

What is deletion, distortion, and dilution and why
are they the destroyers of modeling?

4.

How do you optimally bring modeling into actualization?

GROUP INFLUENCE

5.

33

What is the relationship between group influence
and modeling?

Chapter 3.
__________________________________
What If There Is a Formula For Modeling
Group Influence?

Influence Mastery: How Do You Go From “Hello” to “Yes”
With Integrity?
Nothing has ever been created between two humans
without a “yes.”
Thus, our ability to cause “yes,” with integrity, in a world
where everyone wants to say “no” is incomprehensibly indispensable.
The masterful creation of “yes” looks like magic, but is
actually an advanced science.
Everything begins after “yes.”
Before we dive in, let's take a moment to appreciate the
limitless potential of influence. Unlike other goals and
achievements, influence has no upper bounds. It is an infinite
resource that has shaped the lives and legacies of the world's
greatest leaders, such as Oprah Winfrey, Tony Robbins, Dr.
Martin Luther King Jr., and Jesus Christ.
These influential figures have one thing in common: they
wielded their influence with integrity. And so, in our journey
together, we'll explore how to harness the power of group
influence in a way that's transparent, heart-centered, and focused on creating a lasting, positive impact on others.
Our Integrity Based Human Influence model has four
steps, 12 indispensable elements, and four energies. Let's
begin by exploring the four steps in order.

GROUP INFLUENCE

35

Step 1: Building Emotional Rapport: The foundation of influence is connecting with others on a deep, emotional level.
This is where we forge meaningful relationships that serve
as the bedrock for our influence. Remember, people are
drawn to those who make them feel seen, heard, and understood.
Step 2: Truth to Pain and Yes Strategy: Every individual has
pain points – unmet needs, desires, or challenges. In this
step, we explore the truth and those pain points and create
strategies that address them in a way that empowers others
to say "yes" to our ideas and initiatives.
Step 3: Creating and Conveying Your Heroic Unique Identity:
Each of us has a unique story to tell, and it's essential to share
that story authentically. By doing so, we create a heroic identity that others are drawn to, making our influence even
more impactful.
Step 4: Agreement Formation: The final step in our journey
within the four steps is forming agreements with others,
built on trust and mutual benefit. This is where our influence
truly shines, allowing us to create lasting, positive change.
The four steps, however, are robotic and meaningless
without two other vital components of Integrity Based Human Influence.
Accordingly, the second piece is the 12 Indispensable Elements that are flowing through your optimal use of the four
steps.
Now, let's explore the 12 Indispensable Elements of Influence Mastery. Use the acronym S.M.A.L.L.E.R. Q.V.C.C.C. to
remember these elements, which should be present
throughout the four steps:

36

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

Integrous Scarcity: Value is often derived from scarcity. Emphasize the unique, limited nature of your offerings to encourage others to take action.
Matching & Mirroring: Connect with others by reflecting
their verbal and nonverbal cues, creating a sense of rapport
and trust.
Acknowledgement: Recognize and appreciate the thoughts,
feelings, and actions of others. It should be deep and authentic and show the other person that you see them, you hear
them, and what they say matters to you. Make sure that the
acknowledgement is received.
Level 5 Transformational Listening: Truly listen to others,
not just to respond, but to understand their perspective and
emotions.
Unconditional Love With Boundaries for All People: Approach everyone with love and compassion, while also maintaining healthy boundaries. Everything a person does is an
act of love or a cry for help.
Emotional and Energetic Transference: Share your positive
emotions and energy with others, creating a contagious atmosphere of enthusiasm and motivation.
Reciprocity: Create a sense of mutual giving and receiving,
where both parties benefit from the relationship.
Question Mastery (Power of Questions): Ask thoughtful,
open-ended questions that encourage others to share their
experiences and insights.
Validation: Affirm the emotions, experiences, and perspectives of others, creating an environment of trust and safety.

GROUP INFLUENCE

37

Congruence: Ensure your words, actions, and intentions
align, demonstrating authenticity and reliability.
Context: Frame situations and information in a way that
highlights the value and relevance to others.
Contrast: Highlight the differences between options, emphasizing the benefits and desirability of your preferred choice.
Now that we've covered the Four Steps and 12 Indispensable Elements, let's delve into the Four Energies of Integrity
Based Human Influence. These energies should be varied
and displayed throughout your interactions with others:
Fun: Bring a sense of playfulness and humor to your interactions. This energy lightens the atmosphere and makes people feel at ease in your presence. Fun is exciting and
energized, true and truth revealing. Fun Energy can have the
element of surprise or unexpectedness. Fun energy is certain.
Aspirational: Inspire others by sharing your vision and passion. This energy motivates people to strive for greatness
and join you on your journey. Aspirational Energy has future
vision and takes someone with you to that higher place.
Goddess: Embody warmth, nurturing, and empathy. This energy creates a safe space for others to open up and connect
with you on a deeper level. It is flowing and light, loving and
heart-centered.
Zeus: Display confidence, decisiveness, certainty, and
strength. This energy commands respect and trust, demonstrating your ability to lead and make tough decisions.
Now that we've explored the foundations of Influence
Mastery, remember to practice these, lock these in and truly

38

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

model them in order to rise in your Integrous Influence Mastery and Integrous Group Influence Mastery.
By understanding the dynamics of group behavior and
using Integrous Group Influence Mastery, individuals can
leverage the power of group dynamics to achieve shared
goals and objectives.
Remember, the true measure of Influence Mastery lies
not in the number of followers or accolades we accumulate,
but in the positive impact we create in the lives of others. By
committing to the principles of Integrity Based Human Influence, you are choosing to be a force for good in the world,
empowering those around you to achieve greatness and
leaving a lasting, beautiful legacy.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
MODELING GROUP INFLUENCE:
1.

Is Influence a part of modeling?

2.

What are the three components of going from Hello
to Yes with Group Influence?

3.

What are the Four steps of Group Influence to go
from Hello to Yes?

GROUP INFLUENCE

39

4.

What are the 12 Indispensable Elements of Group
Influence?

5.

What are the Four Energies of Group Influence?

Chapter 4:
__________________________________
Which Of The Twenty To Begin With: Energetic
Transference With Congruence And
Integrous Scarcity

N

o energetic transference, nothing happens.

Remembering that Influence is the ability to transfer an
idea from your mind, heart, and soul to someone else’s mind,
heart, and soul have them receive it, understand it, and act
upon it due to energetic transference, lets truly begin to explore the indispensable element of Emotional and Energetic
Transference and why it is vital to master.
This indispensable element is about sharing your emotions and energy with others, creating a contagious atmosphere where that energy is received and transfused into the
other person.
When your energy is received, knowingness and certainty become disrupted, and potentially action is forwarded
toward the outcome.
Energetic Transference, when congruent, can help to
create a sense of shared purpose and alignment within the
group. When individuals share a common goal or vision, and
are enthusiastic and motivated about achieving it, it can create a sense of unity and collaboration that can help the group
to overcome obstacles and achieve success.
The indispensable element of Congruence is about the
alignment of your words, vocal qualities, and body language,

GROUP INFLUENCE

41

demonstrating authenticity and reliability. Our alignment or
lack thereof creates or destroys our influence.
Overall, congruence is important for Group Influence because it builds trust, enhances credibility, makes your message more memorable, and increases persuasion. By
ensuring that your verbal and nonverbal communication are
aligned, you can increase your influence and achieve your
goals more effectively.
Now, let’s examine the indispensable element of Integrous Scarcity.
Remembering that value is often derived from scarcity,
emphasize the unique, limited nature of your offerings to encourage others to take action. Integrous Scarcity in Group Influence involves using scarcity as a motivator, but doing so
in a way that is honest, transparent, and fair.
For integrous scarcity to be present, there must be no
“chase energy.” Rather, it is about preference without attachment.
When we are approaching individuals or groups, it is key
to remember that they exist in the pattern of the “default no”
which must be integrously disrupted. This is akin to a scared
deer.
Always be transparent and truthful, in absolute integrity,
with love and respect, proverbially holding their hand to
slowly guide them to the most optimal and integrous outcome.

42

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
ENERGETIC TRANSFERENCE WITH CONGRUENCE
AND INTEGROUS SCARCITY:
1.

What is the relationship between Influence and Energetic Transference?

2.

Where is your current level of Energetic Transference?

3.

What are the elements of optimizing your Energetic
Transference?

4.

What is congruence and how does it relate to certainty?

5.

Where is your current level of congruence in your
public speaking?

GROUP INFLUENCE

43

6.

How can you optimize by 20x now?

7.

How will you commit to actualizing that growth?

8.

What is Integrous Scarcity?

9.

Where is your current level of Integrous Scarcity in
your speaking?

10. How can you optimize that by 20x?

11. How are you committed to actualizing?

Chapter 5:
__________________________________
The Four Energies

R

obin Williams

Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Snow White
Muhammad Ali
Each of these people beautifully represents Fun, Aspirational, Goddess, and Zeus Energy in sequence.
The key to The 4 Energies is the understanding that Influence Mastery takes place when there is a variance of our
energies authentically, fluidly, fluently, and congruently, as
well as bringing those out in the people we are connecting
and communicating with.

1. FUN
The primary use of Fun Energy is to make others smile,
create memories, and share light-hearted enjoyment and
pleasure. Fun is the secret ingredient. It can be used on most
occasions (when congruent). It’s a beautiful way to show a
new side of you, a side that shows vulnerability and humility.
Step 1 of The 4 Steps, which is “Building Emotional Rapport,”
is a great time to use this energy. It will create confidence
and allow others around you to show other sides of themselves as well. An example of Fun Energy could be bringing
leprechauns and Irish dancers to a work event to celebrate

GROUP INFLUENCE

45

Saint Patrick’s Day, or inviting mermaids to a beach party in
Long Beach Island.

2. ASPIRATIONAL/INSPIRATIONAL
The outcome of this energy is to take people to a higher
vibrational place, a place of their dreams and where they can
practically reach those dreams. The primary use of this energy is to inspire, create possibility, and have others “see
their future in you.” An access point when using this energy
is during Step 3, which is “Creating And Conveying Your Heroic Unique Identity.” Gandhi’s famous quote, "Be the change
you wish to see in the world," is an example of aspirational
energy he used to inspire others to action. Gandhi's leadership and aspirational energy played a significant role in India's eventual independence from British rule.

3. GODDESS
The primary use of Goddess Energy is to love, to empathize, and to share your Level 5 Listening with compassion.
Goddess Energy is light, nurturing, and flowing. This energy
can be most optimal in practicing the indispensable elements of acknowledgement and validation. An example of
this energy can be, “David, I’m beyond grateful for all the attention you’ve given to the Samson case. I rest so easily at
night knowing your diligence is present there. Thank you for
protecting my business and my family through your relentless hard work and unwavering attention to detail.”

4. ZEUS
The primary use of this energy is to decide, to choose, to
disrupt, and to formulate agreement. Zeus energy is strong,

46

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

certain and resolved. Although all energies must be varied
throughout the 4 steps, Zeus energy is exceptional when in
“Agreement Formation.” An example of Zeus energy would
be “Nick, I am ready to dive to my personal record depth of
one hundred feet today and I am not the slightest bit deterred by the 800lb sharks in the water.”
Overall, energy variance is crucial for group influence, as
it can help to drive positive change, stimulate creativity and
innovation, and create a sense of dynamic cohesion and momentum within the group. By managing energy variance effectively, groups can leverage the diverse skills and
perspectives of their members to achieve their shared goals
and objectives.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
THE F OUR E NERGIES:
1.

What are the four energies?

2.

Why are the four energies an integral part of Integrous Group Influence?

3.

Which energy or energies are necessary for confronts?

GROUP INFLUENCE

47

4.

Which energy is flowing and light?

5.

Why is it necessary to master all four energies and
not just one?

6.

Where are you on the scale of mastery in relation to
the four energies?

7.

Where can you rise 20x in your mastery of the four
energies?

8.

How committed are you to rising your mastery
within the four energies?

Chapter 6:
__________________________________
Loving Everyone Unconditionally With
Boundaries And Goddess Energy

W

hat if we have no enemies and hate no one?

What if we actually love our neighbor as we love ourselves?
Only from this place can we authentically and integrously cause people to feel seen, heard, and truly understood.
Is unconditional love actually possible?
Yes.
Love is a critical element of Group Influence because it
drives the integrity of the process. We must, with boundaries, love everyone. The beginning of the ability to love everyone is recognizing that everything people do is either a cry
for help or an act of love.
We define love as presence, curiosity, and non-judgmental, presence being that you listen deeply with whoever you
are in communication with, blocking out all the noise and
distraction in your mind and around you. Being curious
about who you’re talking to will lead to others sharing more
unique elements about themselves. Lastly, is being nonjudgmental. When people share their pain and vulnerability,
we may not always agree with what is being said. Truly loving people is creating that space of comfort so that others can
share honestly.

GROUP INFLUENCE

49

Everything is an act of love or a cry for help.
A cry for help occurs when someone is not having their
needs met.
Overall, loving everyone unconditionally with boundaries is key for group influence, as it creates a positive and
supportive group dynamic that encourages open communication, collaboration, and growth. By cultivating this type of
environment, groups can achieve their shared goals and objectives more effectively, and can create a more positive and
fulfilling experience for all members.

The primary use of Goddess Energy is to love, to empathize, show compassion, and to share your Level 5 Listening. Goddess energy can be most optimal in practicing
the indispensable elements of acknowledgement and validation for example.
When dealing with difficult confronts, it is critical to
use not only powerful and resolved Zeus Energy, but also
to be able to drop into Goddess Energy effectively and efficiently so that you drop back into your heart with love
and empathy for the individual.
Confronts are part of Loving Everyone Unconditionally With Boundaries. We often refer to these as “carefronts.” No matter what has transpired, confronts should
always be done using the ERPD method, with Empathy,
Precision, Respect, and Directness. Confronting with
ERPD is key to maintaining boundaries and Goddess Energy is a key piece of this, along with strong and decisive
Zeus energy.

50

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

Overall, goddess energy can be an important aspect of
Group Influence, as it emphasizes qualities such as nurturing, compassion, intuition, and creativity that can create a
positive and supportive group dynamic. By leveraging
these qualities effectively, individuals can inspire and influence others toward positive change and achieve their
shared goals and objectives.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
LOVING PEOPLE UNCONDITIONALLY WITH
BOUNDARIES AND GODDESS ENERGY:
1.

What does it mean to love people unconditionally
with boundaries?

2.

Must we love even those who have hurt us and even
stolen from us?

3.

Does loving everyone unconditionally even include
people like criminals and murderers? Why?

4.

What is Goddess Energy?

GROUP INFLUENCE

51

5.

Why is it important to master Goddess Energy?

6.

In which situations is it best to employ our mastery
of Goddess Energy? Why?

7.

How would you rate your mastery of loving people
unconditionally with boundaries?

8.

How committed are you to rising in your mastery to
20x your mastery of loving everyone unconditionally
with boundaries?

9.

How would you rate your mastery of Goddess Energy?

10. How committed are you to rising in your mastery to
20x your mastery of Goddess Energy?

Chapter 7:
__________________________________
Aspirational Energy

D

r. Martin Luther King, Jr. had a dream.

And so do you…and so does everyone.
Without a vision, our dreams will perish.
The outcome of Aspirational Energy is to take people to
a higher vibrational place, a place of their dreams and where
they can practically reach those dreams. The primary use of
this energy is to inspire, create possibility, and have others
“see their future in you.” An access point when using this energy is during Step 3, which is “conveying your Heroic
Unique Identity.” An example of this energy would be Dr.
Martin Luther King, Jr.’s “I Have a Dream” speech.
Aspirational Energy is important to Group Influence for several reasons:
Motivation: Aspirational Energy provides motivation to
achieve our goals and aspirations. It helps us to stay focused
and driven toward our desired outcomes, even when we face
obstacles or setbacks.
Growth: Aspirational Energy encourages personal growth
and development. It helps us to step out of our comfort
zones, try new things, and develop new skills and abilities.
Inspiration: Aspirational Energy inspires us to think bigger
and dream bigger. It encourages us to envision a better future for ourselves and others, and to take action to bring that
vision to life.

GROUP INFLUENCE

53

Resilience: Aspirational Energy helps us to bounce back
from failure or disappointment. It gives us the strength and
determination to keep moving forward, even in the face of
adversity.
Community: Aspirational Energy can be contagious, inspiring others to pursue their own goals and aspirations. This
can create a sense of community and shared purpose, bringing people together around a common vision for the future.
In short, Aspirational Energy is important for Group Influence because it fuels our ambitions, expands our horizons,
and empowers us to create a better world for ourselves and
those around us. It's the spark that ignites our potential and
propels us toward our greatest aspirations.
Here are a few examples of famous individuals who have embodied Aspirational Energy in their lives and careers:
Elon Musk: Elon Musk is an entrepreneur and innovator who
has founded several successful companies, including Tesla,
SpaceX, and The Boring Company. He is known for his vision
of a future that is powered by sustainable energy and for his
commitment to advancing human exploration and colonization of space.
Nelson Mandela: Nelson Mandela was a South African antiapartheid revolutionary and political leader who served as
the country's first black president from 1994 to 1999. He is
known for his commitment to justice, equality, and reconciliation, and for his unwavering determination to end apartheid in South Africa.
Serena Williams: Serena Williams is a professional tennis
player who is widely regarded as one of the greatest athletes
of all time. She has overcome numerous challenges and setbacks throughout her career, including injury and illness,

54

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

and has inspired millions of people around the world with
her dedication, resilience, and passion for the sport.
Oprah Winfrey: Oprah Winfrey is a media mogul, philanthropist, and actress who has become one of the most influential
and inspirational figures of our time. She has overcome a
challenging childhood and numerous obstacles to become
one of the most successful women in media, and has inspired
millions of people around the world with her message of empowerment and self-improvement.
Mahatma Gandhi: Mahatma Gandhi was an Indian independence activist and political leader who is known for his philosophy of nonviolent resistance. He inspired millions of
people around the world with his commitment to justice,
equality, and peace, and his message of nonviolent protest
has inspired numerous social justice movements over the
years.
These individuals have all embodied Aspirational Energy in their lives and careers, inspiring millions of people
around the world to dream big, work hard, and pursue their
passions with courage and determination. They serve as
powerful role models for anyone seeking to make a positive
impact in the world and to achieve their own goals and aspirations.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
ASPIRATIONAL ENERGY:
1.

What is Aspirational Energy?

GROUP INFLUENCE

55

2.

When is it best to employ Aspirational Energy in Integrous Group Influence?

3.

What do we risk losing if we do not master Aspirational Energy?

4.

Who are some individuals both fictional and nonfictional who have mastered Aspirational Energy?

5.

What would you rate your current mastery of Aspirational Energy?

6.

How committed are you to rising in your mastery of
Aspirational Energy to 20x your current level of
mastery?

Chapter 8:
__________________________________
Zeus Energy

W

ho decides?

You decide.
Who decides?
You decide.
The primary use of Zeus Energy is to decide, to choose,
to disrupt, and to formulate agreement. Although all energies must be varied throughout the 4 steps, Zeus Energy is
exceptional when in “Agreement Formation.”
Zeus Energy displays confidence, decisiveness, certainty,
and strength. This energy commands respect and trust,
demonstrating your ability to lead and make tough decisions.
Instances in business in which Zeus Energy is necessary are
below.
Crisis management: In times of crisis or emergency, it may
be necessary to use Zeus Energy to take charge and make
quick decisions. This can help to minimize damage and ensure the safety and well-being of employees and customers.
Negotiating with other businesses: When negotiating with
other businesses, it may be necessary to use Zeus Energy to
assert your position and negotiate from a position of
strength. This can help to secure favorable deals and

GROUP INFLUENCE

57

partnerships that are fair, integrous, and mutually beneficial
as opposed to one-sided or non-integrous.
Enforcing policies and procedures: In situations where policies or procedures are not being followed, it may be necessary to use Zeus Energy to enforce rules and regulations.
This can help to ensure consistency and fairness in the workplace.
It's important to note that the use of Zeus Energy should
be balanced with the other three energies, Goddess, Aspirational, and Fun energy. The ability to drop into each of the
four energies is an absolutely necessary piece of mastering
Integrous Group Influence.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
ZEUS ENERGY:
1.

What is Zeus Energy?

2.

Why is Zeus Energy crucial for Integrous Group Influence?

3.

In what situations is it best to tap into our mastery
of Zeus Energy?

58

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

4.

What do we risk losing if we do not master dropping into Zeus Energy?

5.

What individuals, both fictional and nonfictional,
do you know of who are true masters of Zeus Energy?

6.

At what times is it necessary to employ both Zeus
and Goddess Energy together?

7.

What would you rate your current mastery of Zeus
Energy?

8.

How committed are you to rising in your mastery of
Zeus Energy in order to 20x your current level of
mastery?

Chapter 9:
__________________________________
Fun Energy

F

un Energy opens listening.

Robin Williams, Bugs Bunny, Willy Wonka, Ellen DeGeneres, and any other person of influence who understands
that fun energy is truthful, light, and unexpected has mastery
of this energy.
The primary use of Fun Energy is to connect, make others smile, create memories, and get a good laugh with people. Fun is the secret ingredient. It can be used on most
occasions (when congruent). It’s a beautiful way to show a
new side of you, a side that shows vulnerability and humility.
Step 1 of The 4 Steps, which is “Building Emotional Rapport”,
is a great time to use this energy. It will create confidence
and allow others around you to show other sides as well.
Bring a sense of playfulness and humor to your interactions. This energy lightens the atmosphere and makes people feel at ease in your presence. Fun is exciting and
energized, true and truth-revealing. Fun Energy can have the
element of surprise or unexpectedness. Fun energy is certain.
Fun is about embracing the joy and wonder of life. Success is not just about working hard – it's also about enjoying
the journey and celebrating the milestones along the way. By
infusing fun and magic into every aspect of your life, you'll
create an environment that attracts success, happiness, and
abundance.

60

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

There is a reason that Fun and Magic has its own lever in
the Seven Levers of Marketing and Sales Process Mastery,
within the Formula. Having fun and enjoying the process
must be fully present throughout the process of Group Influence and all parts of the Formula.
Fun energy is important for influence because it can create a positive and engaging environment that encourages
participation, creativity, and innovation. When individuals
are having fun and enjoying themselves, they are more likely
to be open to new ideas and perspectives, and more willing
to take risks and try new things.
Here are some ways that fun energy can be important for
Group Influence:
Engagement and participation: When individuals are
having fun and enjoying themselves, they are more likely to
be engaged and actively participate. This can create a more
collaborative and productive group dynamic, making it easier to integrously influence others and achieve shared goals
and objectives.
Creativity and innovation: Fun energy can also stimulate
creativity and innovation, as individuals are more likely to
think outside the box and come up with new and unconventional ideas. This can be particularly useful in situations
where a creative or unconventional solution is needed to
overcome a challenge or achieve a goal.
Positive attitude and motivation: Fun energy can create
a positive attitude and motivation within the group, as individuals are more likely to feel inspired and motivated to
work toward shared goals and objectives. This can create a
sense of momentum and excitement, making it easier to influence others and achieve positive change within the group.

GROUP INFLUENCE

61

Building relationships: Fun energy can also be a powerful tool for building relationships and fostering a sense of
connection and camaraderie within the group. By engaging
in fun and enjoyable activities together, individuals can create a sense of shared experience and bond over common interests, making it easier to influence others and achieve
shared goals and objectives.
Overall, fun energy can be an important aspect of Group
Influence, as it can create a positive and engaging group dynamic that encourages participation, creativity, and innovation. By leveraging fun energy effectively, individuals can
inspire and influence others toward positive change and
achieve their shared goals and objectives.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
FUN ENERGY:
1.

What is Fun Energy?

2.

Why is Fun Energy necessary for Integrous Group
Influence?

3.

In what situations is it best to tap into our mastery
of Fun Energy?

62

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

4.

When is it not appropriate to use Fun Energy?
Why?

5.

What will the inability to master Fun Energy cost
us?

6.

What would you rate your current level of mastery
of Fun Energy?

7.

How committed are you to rising in your mastery of
Fun Energy in order to 20x your current level of
mastery?

Chapter 10:
__________________________________
Matching And Mirroring

M

atch minus in every situation…unless someone is

dismissive, disrespectful, or diminishing.
In that case, match plus.
If we do not effectively match, we have no influence because we will either scare people away or allow people to
think they can steamroll us.
Matching and Mirroring is about physiology, tonality,
and word choice to match and mirror your counterparts’ exact physiology including body position and posture, leading
them to a sense of alignment. Tonality refers to the pitch,
speed, and volume of someone’s voice. For example, if they
begin to whisper, it’s probably not a good idea to begin to
yell. Lastly, we have word choice. If they say the word awesome then we can say the word awesome. Matching and mirroring is where you “meet someone where they are and take
them where you want them to be, in integrity.”
Connect with others by reflecting their verbal and nonverbal cues, creating a sense of rapport and trust. It's important to use these skills in a way that feels natural and
authentic
Matching and mirroring can be important for Group Influence because it helps to establish a sense of rapport and
connection between individuals, which can make them more
receptive to each other's ideas and perspectives. When people feel a sense of similarity and trust with each other, they

64

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

are more likely to cooperate and work together effectively,
which can be beneficial in a variety of group contexts.
In addition, matching and mirroring can help to create a
sense of group identity and cohesion. When individuals
adopt similar behaviors or mannerisms, it can signal that
they are part of the same group or share similar values or
beliefs. This can be particularly important in situations
where a sense of unity and shared purpose is necessary, such
as in team sports or group projects.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
MATCHING AND MIRRORING:
1.

What is Matching and Mirroring?

2.

Why is Matching and Mirroring necessary for Integrous Group Influence?

3.

In what situations is it best to employ the skill of
Matching and Mirroring? Why?

4.

How is Matching and Mirroring different than
Modeling?

GROUP INFLUENCE

65

5.

What are some situations in which Matching and
Mirroring could have caused an outcome you desired had you increased your mastery of this indispensable element? Why?

6.

What can mastering this indispensable element
cause for you in your future outcomes?

7.

What would you rate your current level of mastery
of Matching and Mirroring?

8.

How can you rise 20x in your mastery of Matching
and Mirroring?

Chapter 11:
__________________________________
Acknowledgement

O

prah Winfrey said that she held the microphone for

thirty thousand people because she told them: “I see you, I
hear you, and what you say matters to me.”
In light of the fact that Oprah Winfrey is worth 3.5 billion
dollars, maybe there is something to master here.
Acknowledgment is the superpower to have people feel
seen, heard, as well as understood (the later element of Validation completes the understanding). The distinctions between this element and validation are close, yet still very
different. Acknowledgment is used when highlighting a heroic characteristic. An example of this would be saying, “Ben,
your ability to be present with people, listen deeply, and love
them without judgment is fascinating to me.” Now in order
for this to land the right way, it must be honest and authentic. Simply saying someone is awesome is another way to say
you weren’t completely listening.
Acknowledgement is necessary for Group Influence because it creates a sense of validation and respect within the
group or relationship, which can foster a positive and supportive dynamic. When individuals feel acknowledged and
appreciated for their contributions and efforts, they are
more likely to feel motivated and engaged, and more willing
to work together toward shared goals and objectives.
Here are some ways that acknowledgement can be necessary for influence:

GROUP INFLUENCE

67

Building trust and rapport: By acknowledging others for
their contributions and efforts, individuals can build trust
and rapport within the group or relationship. This can create
a sense of mutual respect and understanding, making it easier to integrously influence others and achieve shared goals
and objectives.
Encouraging positive behavior: By acknowledging positive behavior within the group or relationship, individuals
can encourage others to continue behaving in a positive and
constructive way. This can help to create a more productive
and supportive dynamic, making it easier to integrously influence others and achieve shared goals and objectives.
Fostering a positive attitude: Acknowledgement can also
help to foster a positive attitude within the group or relationship, as individuals feel valued and appreciated for their contributions. This can create a sense of motivation and
inspiration, making it easier to integrously influence others
and achieve positive change.
Creating a sense of community: Acknowledgement can
be a powerful tool for creating a sense of community within
the group or relationship, as individuals feel connected and
supported by others. This can create a more collaborative
and productive dynamic, making it easier to integrously influence others and achieve shared goals and objectives.
Overall, acknowledgement is necessary for Integrous
Group Influence, as it creates a sense of validation and respect within the group or relationship, fostering a positive
and supportive dynamic. By leveraging acknowledgement
effectively, individuals can inspire and integrously influence
others toward positive change and achieve their shared
goals and objectives.

68

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
ACKNOWLEDGMENT:
1.

What is acknowledgment?

2.

Why is acknowledgement such a crucial indispensable element?

3.

What was the reason that Oprah said she held the
microphone for her 30,000 fans for so many years?

4.

What can the mastery of acknowledgment cause in
your business? In your life? For you? For your loved
ones? Today? Five years from now? Ten years from
now?

5.

What will it cost you if you do not master the indispensable element of acknowledgment?

GROUP INFLUENCE

6.

69

6. What would you do to 20x your level of mastery
of the indispensable element of acknowledgment?

Chapter 12:
__________________________________
Level Five Listening

W

hat if you could read minds?

Maybe you can.
Level 5 Transformational Listening is inferential and
emotional listening while also (1) understanding them potentially better than they understand themselves on a conscious level and (2) having them feel heard, seen, and
understood like no human ever has heard them before.

Truly listen to others, not just to respond, but to understand their perspective and emotions.
Bring them present to the gift and value they have just
received.
Let’s examine the levels of listening from Level 0 to Level 5
Listening:
Level 0 - is subject change
Level 1 - is me too
Level 2 - is mirror only
Level 3 - is inferential
Level 4 - is some presence to emotion- unspoken
Level 5 - is ALL target - What is said, unsaid, vocal qualities,
body language and inferential, becoming present to why,
with love for all people

GROUP INFLUENCE

71

Level Zero Listening is a complete subject change. Someone could be speaking of their love and appreciation for family connection and you may change the subject to the football
game. This breaks rapport.
Level 1 Listening is bringing the conversation back to
yourself. An example of this could be someone expressing
their love for the New York Mets baseball team. Instead of
allowing them to continue to share or going deeper into their
share, this moves the conversation to highlight yourself,
your own love for sports, and perhaps your fandom of the
New York Jets. It is important to focus on the other person if
you wish to establish any meaningful level of connection and
depth.
Level 2 Listening is mirroring only. You are agreeing
with them, but still not establishing any level of deeper connection. An example of listening that is mirror only is when
a person simply repeats back what the other person has said,
without adding any additional commentary or interpretation. For example, if someone says "I'm feeling really frustrated about work right now," a mirror-only response might
be "You're feeling frustrated about work." The person simply
restates what the other person has said, without offering any
additional thoughts or opinions on the matter. While mirroronly listening can be useful in some situations, such as when
someone simply needs to be heard and acknowledged, it is
not always the most effective form of listening. In order to
build deeper connections and understanding with others, it
is often necessary to engage in more active listening, which
involves reflecting on what the other person has said and responding in a thoughtful and empathetic way.
Level 3 Listening is inferential. You are able to gauge
some thoughts that are unspoken but the communication is

72

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

still at a surface level. Inferential listening is a type of listening that involves interpreting and making inferences about
the speaker's meaning and intentions, based on the context
and nonverbal cues. Unlike literal listening, which involves
taking the speaker's words at face value, inferential listening
requires the listener to read between the lines.
Level 4 Listening has some presence to unspoken emotion but you have not yet reached the true depth of connection that allows the person to feel seen, heard, and
understood in a way that says what they share truly matters
to you.
For example, if a person says "I'm fine," but their tone of
voice and body language suggest that they are upset or angry, an active listener may see this to mean that the person
is not actually fine, and might ask follow-up questions or offer support.
Inferential listening can be especially useful in situations
where there is a potential for miscommunication or misunderstandings, such as in complex or emotionally charged
conversations. By reading between the lines and trying to
understand the speaker's underlying meaning and intentions, you can build deeper connections and facilitate more
effective communication.
Level 5 Listening is ALL target - What is said, unsaid, vocal qualities, body language and inferential, becoming present to why, with love for all people. This type of listening
leaves someone feeling seen, heard, and understood, often at
a level greater than they have ever understood themselves.
It leaves them feeling, believing, and knowing that what they
say truly matters to you. It is the greatest gift you can truly
give another human being and a beautiful way to offer unconditional love with boundaries to them.

GROUP INFLUENCE

73

Level 5 Listening involves a deep level of empathic connection and generative dialogue that can help to create
transformative change.
Overall, Level 5 Listening is important for Group Influence, as it creates a deep level of empathic connection and
generative dialogue that can help to create transformative
change. By leveraging Level 5 Listening effectively, individuals can inspire and integrously influence others toward positive change and achieve their shared goals and objectives.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
LEVEL FIVE LISTENING:
1.

What is Level Five Listening?

2.

Why is Level Five Listening absolutely indispensable
to any conversation in your business and life?

3.

What will the mastery of Level Five Listening cause
for you in your outcomes for today, this week, this
month, next month, this year, five years from now,
and in your lifetime?

74

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

4.

How will not mastering Level Five Listening cost
you in your business and your life?

5.

In what situations has not having mastery of Level
Five Listening caused a negative outcome for you?

6.

Why is Level Five Listening such a gift for those we
give it to?

7.

How can you 20x your mastery of Level 5 Listening?

Chapter 13:
__________________________________
Reciprocity

When people receive from you, they deeply desire, on a
primal level, to give back to you.
The indispensable element of Reciprocity is rooted in the
faith that when you give to others, others will, at a conscious
and subconscious level, begin to give back to you. The secret
here is never expecting it (before an agreement) and contributing in mass quantities. The more you give others, the
more you become known as a “giver.” The final result of exceptional Reciprocity is that others will want to and will
begin to pour into you from all sides because you build a reputation of massive value first.)
When one person or group does something positive for
another, the recipient may feel an innate desire to reciprocate, in order to balance the scales and maintain a sense of
fairness and mutual benefit in the relationship.
Here are some ways that Reciprocity can be applied to Group
Influence:
Gift-giving: By giving a gift or offering a token of appreciation, individuals can create a sense of wishing to reciprocate
value to the recipient. Gifts can be material or nonmaterial.
Favors: By doing a favor for someone, individuals may be
more likely to agree with future requests or favors, as they
feel a desire to repay the kindness that has been shown to
them.

76

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

Business transactions: By providing a valuable product or
service, individuals can create a desire to repay the value
that was given to them.
Overall, Reciprocity can be an effective tool for Group Influence, as it creates a sense and desire within the recipient
in which they wish to repay the value that was given to them.
By mastering the indispensable element of Reciprocity effectively, individuals can create a positive and mutually beneficial relationship with others, and can integrously influence
them toward positive actions or decisions.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
RECIPROCITY:
1.

What is reciprocity?

2.

Why is reciprocity a key indispensable element for
Integrous Group Influence?

3.

In what ways can the mastery of reciprocity improve
your business and your life?

GROUP INFLUENCE

77

4.

Think of at least three times that reciprocity could
have caused a more positive outcome had you
known how to master this indispensable element.

5.

How can you 20x your mastery of the indispensable
element of reciprocity?

Chapter 14:
__________________________________
Question Mastery

Q

uestions are the gateway to everything.

It’s time to examine the indispensable element of Question Mastery (Power of Questions).
In Group Influence, the person who is asking the questions is influencing. There are two types of questions, openended and close-ended. Question Mastery comes from who,
what, when, where, why, and how questions. They are meant
to be kept open and create an ongoing dialogue. The shortness of your question also holds much power. While most
believe that long and specific questions lead to a specific answer, the truth is that short, open-ended questions lead to
truth and story-telling. The person asking the questions is in
control, guiding and leading the conversation.
Question Mastery is important for Group influence in
business because it helps individuals to better understand
their colleagues, customers, and other stakeholders, and to
communicate more effectively with them. When individuals
are able to ask thoughtful and insightful questions, they can
gain valuable insights into others' perspectives, needs, and
motivations. This can help them to build stronger relationships, make better decisions, and achieve their business
goals more effectively.
Here are some ways that Question Mastery can be important for Group Influence in business:

GROUP INFLUENCE

79

Understanding customer needs: By asking thoughtful
questions, individuals can gain a better understanding of
their customers' needs, preferences, and pain points. This
can help them to design products and services that better
meet their customers' needs, and to communicate more effectively with them.
Building stronger relationships: By asking powerful
questions, individuals can build stronger relationships with
their colleagues, partners, and other stakeholders. This can
help them to build trust and rapport, and to influence others
toward positive action.
Making better decisions: By asking insightful questions,
individuals can gain a deeper understanding of complex issues and make better decisions. This can help them to avoid
potential pitfalls and to achieve their business goals more effectively.
Promoting innovation and creativity: By asking exploratory questions, individuals can promote innovation and creativity within the business. This can help to generate new
ideas and solutions, and to stay ahead of the competition.
Overall, Question Mastery is an important tool for influence in business, as it helps individuals to better understand
their colleagues, customers, and other stakeholders, and to
communicate more effectively with them. By employing
Question Mastery effectively, individuals can inspire and influence individuals and groups toward positive change and
achieve their business goals more effectively.
Let’s next examine the importance of the indispensable
element of Question Mastery in interpersonal relationships.
Question Mastery is essential for building and maintaining strong interpersonal relationships, as it helps individuals

80

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

to better understand and connect with others. When individuals are able to ask thoughtful and insightful questions, they
can gain valuable insights into others' perspectives, needs,
and motivations, and can communicate more effectively
with them. This can help to build trust, respect, and understanding within the relationship, and can foster a sense of
closeness and intimacy.
Here are some ways that Question Mastery is important in
interpersonal relationships:
Building deeper connections: By asking questions, individuals can build deeper connections with their partners, friends,
and family members. This can help to foster a sense of closeness and intimacy, and can create a stronger and more supportive relationship.
Resolving conflicts: By asking thoughtful questions, individuals can better understand their partner's perspective and
motivations, and can work toward resolving conflicts more
effectively. This can help to create a more harmonious and
fulfilling relationship.
Showing empathy: By asking empathetic questions, individuals can show that they care about their partner's feelings
and experiences, and can create a supportive and nurturing
relationship.
Strengthening communication: By asking clarifying questions, individuals can ensure that they are understanding
their partner's needs and desires accurately. This can help to
improve communication and prevent misunderstandings or
miscommunications.
Overall, Question Mastery is essential for building and
maintaining strong interpersonal relationships, as it helps
individuals to better understand and connect with others. By

GROUP INFLUENCE

81

leveraging question mastery effectively, individuals can create a more supportive, fulfilling, and harmonious relationship with their partners, friends, and family members.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
QUESTION MASTERY:
1.

What is Question Mastery?

2.

Why is Question Mastery crucial to Integrous
Group Influence?

3.

What will it cost your business if you do not master
the indispensable element of Question Mastery?

4.

How has not mastering this skill negatively impacted you in the past?

82

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

5.

Should you use open-ended or closed-ended questions when you are building rapport with someone?
Why?

6.

List at least three instances where you have witnessed Question Mastery.

7.

List at least three individuals, both fictional and
nonfictional who have true Question Mastery.

8.

How can you 20x your mastery of the indispensable
element of Question Mastery?

Chapter 15:
__________________________________
Validation

N

othing enflames people more than when their listen-

ing tells them that their feelings are invalid or wrong.
On the contrary, authentic validation of people’s feelings
is far rarer and more precious than a diamond.
The indispensable element of Validation is the process of
having people feel that it is normal and okay to feel the way
they do about events, things, people, and circumstances.
Validation is the act of acknowledging and accepting
someone's thoughts, feelings, or experiences, even if you
may not agree with them. It involves showing empathy and
understanding toward the other person, and communicating
that their thoughts and feelings are valid and important.
Here is an example of Validation:
Imagine a friend comes to you and tells you that they are
feeling upset because they didn't get the job they interviewed for. Instead of dismissing their feelings or trying to
fix the situation, you validate their feelings by saying something like, "I can understand why you would feel upset about
not getting the job. You worked hard and were really excited
about it, and it's disappointing when things don't work out
as planned. Your feelings are completely valid, and I'm here
to support you in any way I can."
By validating your friend's feelings, you are showing
them that you care about their well-being and that their

84

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

feelings are important. This can help to create a sense of
trust and connection, and can make it easier for them to cope
with their disappointment and move forward in a positive
way.
Validation can be a powerful tool in business, as it helps
to build trust, rapport, and understanding between individuals or groups. By employing validation effectively, individuals can create an environment of improved collaboration,
productivity, and overall success.
There are many individuals who have mastered the skill
of validation, both in their personal lives and in their professional careers. Here are a few examples:
Brené Brown: Brené Brown is a research professor at the
University of Houston who has become known for her work
on vulnerability, shame, and empathy. She is a master at validating others' experiences and perspectives, and has written numerous books and given many talks on the
importance of empathy and understanding in building
strong relationships.
Oprah Winfrey: Oprah Winfrey is a media mogul and
philanthropist who has built a career around empathy, understanding, and validation. She is known for her ability to
connect with her audience and guests on a deep emotional
level, and has used her platform to promote empathy and understanding in many different contexts.
Stephen Covey: Stephen Covey was a businessman and
author who wrote the book "The 7 Habits of Highly Effective
People". He was a master at validating others' perspectives
and experiences, and his work has influenced many individuals and organizations in the fields of business, leadership,
and personal development.

GROUP INFLUENCE

85

Overall, these individuals have mastered the indispensable element of Validation through their work and personal
experiences, and have shown how Validation can be a powerful tool for building strong and positive relationships.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
VALIDATION:
1.

How is Validation defined?

2.

Why is it crucial to master the indispensable element
of Validation?

3.

Give three examples of powerful Validation that you
have witnessed in real life or fiction.

4.

What will not mastering the indispensable element
of Validation cost you in your business and your
life?

86

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

5.

How is Validation different from Acknowledgment?

6.

How can you 20x your mastery of the indispensable
element of Validation?

Chapter 16:
__________________________________
Context And Contrast

A

t every moment we are putting people into our sto-

ries, and they are doing the exact same thing to us.
Without the indispensable element of Context, we have
nothing. Context is like the movie, the story, what's on the
screen behind it, and all involved within it. People constantly
put us into false contexts, or false “frames” (another word for
“context”).
Context is what distinguishes a false and limiting frame
from a true and accurate frame. For example, someone saying that Tony Robbins is a coach and/or motivational
speaker is the equivalent of saying that a lion is just a kitty
cat.
Context is necessary for Group Influence because it creates an accurate frame. Tony Robbins is the greatest speaker
in the history of personal development, someone who
coaches presidents of the United States and has coached professional sports teams numerous times to turn their championships around, and their entire seasons around. He has
unprecedented results that no one else has been able to
achieve.
If that's what you mean by a coach, then yes, he is a
coach. And, he is an outstanding example of creating accurate context and moving from a false context or frame into
truth.

88

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

Now, let’s step into the indispensable element of Contrast as it relates to Group Influence. How do you distinguish
between true and false frames? In the above example of Tony
Robbins, contrast is shown with a meaningful energetic differential and reality differential of the limiting false frame
being disrupted with a lightning bolt of the truthful frame of
the man who coaches presidents, and turns professional
sports teams around.
For example, Contrast is what creates the opening of listening and the disruption of the limiting false Context. The
greater, stronger, and more energetic the Contrast, the more
truth is received.
Context is important to influence because it can influence how individuals perceive and respond to information,
ideas, and messages. The context in which a message is delivered can shape the way it is received, interpreted, and
acted upon, and can have a significant impact on the success
of influence attempts.
Overall, Context is an important consideration in Group
Influence because it can impact how individuals perceive
and respond to messages. By understanding the Context in
which influence attempts are being made, individuals can
tailor their messages and delivery methods to be more effective and increase their chances of success.
Overall, Contrast is an important skill for influence because it can help to highlight differences, create a sense of
urgency, and integrously encourage individuals to take action. By leveraging contrast effectively, individuals can make
their messages more compelling and persuasive, and increase their chances of success in influencing others.

GROUP INFLUENCE

89

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
CONTEXT AND CONTRAST:
1.

What is Context?

2.

What is Contrast?

3.

Why is the mastery of Context necessary to succeed
in Integrous Group Influence?

4.

Why is the mastery of Contrast necessary to succeed
in Integrous Group Influence?

5.

Give three examples where you have seen the masterful use of Context in business.

90

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

6.

Give three examples where you have seen the masterful use of Contrast in business.

7.

How will the mastery of the indispensable elements
of Context and Contrast improve your business and
life?

8.

What will it cost you if you do not master these
skills?

9.

How can you 20x your mastery of the indispensable
elements of Context and Contrast?

Chapter 17:
__________________________________
The 4 Steps

W

hat if you could know exactly where you are in

every communication with every human being every single
time?
The 4 Steps of Integrity Based Human Influence are:

1. The Creation of Emotional Rapport
2. Connecting People to their Truth, Pain and Yes
Strategy
3. Creation and Conveyance of Your Heroic
Unique Identity
4. Agreement Formation
Let’s define each of The 4 Steps of Integrity Based Human
Influence so that we can properly understand how to employ
them within Group Influence.
Step 1: Building Emotional Rapport: The foundation of influence is connecting with others on a deep, emotional level.
This is where we forge meaningful relationships that serve
as the bedrock for our influence. Remember, people are
drawn to those who make them feel seen, heard, and understood.
Step 2: Truth to Pain and Yes Strategy: Every individual has
pain points – unmet needs, desires, or challenges. In this
step, we explore the truth and those pain points and create

92

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

strategies that address them in a way that empowers others
to say "yes" to our ideas and initiatives.
Step 3: Creating and Conveying Your Heroic Unique Identity:
Each of us has a unique story to tell, and it's essential to share
that story authentically. By doing so, we create a heroic identity that others are drawn to, making our influence even
more impactful.
Step 4: Agreement Formation: The final step in our journey
within the Four Steps is forming agreements with others,
built on trust and mutual benefit. This is where our influence
truly shines, allowing us to create lasting, positive change.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
THE 4 STEPS:
1.

What are the 4 Steps in the 4 Step Communication
Model of Integrity Based Human Influence?

2.

What is Emotional Rapport?

3.

What is Truth and Yes… Truth to Pain and Yes
Strategy?

GROUP INFLUENCE

93

4.

What does it mean to Create and Convey your Heroic Unique Identity?

5.

What is Agreement Formation?

6.

Give an example of how to employ The 4 Steps in a
business meeting.

7.

Give an example of how to employ The 4 Steps in a
personal matter.

8.

How would you rate yourself in your mastery of The
4 Steps?

9.

Where do you see room for improvement?

94

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

10. How can you 20x your mastery in each of The 4
Steps?

Chapter 18:
__________________________________
Emotional Rapport Building

W

hat does Charlie Brown’s teacher say?

"Wah whoa wah, whoa wah wah."
Are you speaking to a brick wall?
A wooden door?
A screen?
Or, a filterless, completely wide open, and direct space?
Step 1 of the 4 Step Communication Model of Integrity
Based Human Influence is Building Emotional Rapport with
the person you are developing a relationship with. This develops a sense of trust and security, along with opening the
lines of communication between both parties.
5 Questions of Emotional Rapport Building:

1. Where have you been?
2. Where are you now?
3. Where are you going?
4. What’s working?
5. What are the challenges?
Emotional Rapport is necessary for Group Influence because it helps to create a positive and supportive environment where the other person feels comfortable, understood,
and valued. When individuals feel that they are being

96

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

listened to and understood on an emotional level, they are
more likely to be receptive to new ideas and perspectives,
and are more likely to take action toward a specific goal or
outcome.
Here are some reasons why Step 1 of The 4 Steps, Emotional
Rapport, is necessary for Group Influence:
Builds trust: Building Emotional Rapport helps to build trust
between individuals. When individuals feel that they are being listened to and understood, they are more likely to trust
the other person's motives and intentions, which can make
it easier to integrously influence them toward a mutually
beneficial positive change that serves their needs and outcomes.
Creates a supportive environment: Emotional Rapport helps
to create a supportive environment where the other person
feels valued and appreciated. This can help to reduce any resistance or defensiveness that may arise, and can make it
easier to integrously influence the other person toward positive change.
Increases receptiveness to new ideas: When individuals feel
that they are being listened to and understood on an emotional level, they are more likely to be receptive to new ideas
and perspectives. This can make it easier to integrously influence them toward positive change, as they are more open
to considering new options and approaches that are in service of them and their outcomes.
Improves communication: Building Emotional Rapport can
improve communication between individuals, as it creates a
positive and supportive environment where both parties
feel comfortable and valued. This can make it easier to

GROUP INFLUENCE

97

discuss difficult or sensitive topics, and can help to facilitate
more productive and effective communication.
Overall, Emotional Rapport is necessary for Group Influence because it helps to build trust, create a supportive environment, increase receptiveness to new ideas, and
improve communication. By building Emotional Rapport
with others, individuals can increase their chances of success in influencing them toward positive change.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
RAPPORT BUILDING:
1.

What does it mean to build Emotional Rapport?

2.

What are the key questions to ask in Emotional
Rapport building conversations?

3.

Why is Emotional Rapport the first of The 4 Steps
of the Integrity Based Human Influence Communication Model?

98

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

4.

What do we risk by not building Emotional Rapport during interactions in business? In life?

5.

Give an example of when neglecting to build Emotional Rapport negatively impacted a situation.

6.

How can you 20x your mastery of Step 1, Building
Emotional Rapport?

Chapter 19:
__________________________________
Truth And Yes…. Truth To Pain And Yes, Truth
Of Pain And Yes

T

ony Robbins says “People will do more to avoid pain

than to gain pleasure.”
While people are highly unskilled at it, if not meaningfully fearful of it, mastering the ability to bring people to the
TRUTH of their pain, is the vital bridge connecting Emotional
Rapport and becoming, at Step 3, the solution to someone’s
Pain And Yes Strategy.
The fundamental necessity at Step 2 of the 4 Steps, Truth
to Pain and Yes, is that people make emotional, not logical
decisions, while typically being blind to this reality. People
are typically at a default “no” based upon false fears (i.e., fear
of rejection and fear of failure). Thus, the key at Step 2 of The
4 Steps is to: (1) accept the reality of how people make decisions, and (2) with integrity, empathy, and love, connect
them to their truth and pain. In addition, everyone has a different strategy for how they decide to say “yes”. Uncovering
the strategy at Step 2 of The 4 Steps is critical to tailor the
focus of our Heroic Unique Identity at Step 3.
It is key to remember to speak into the listening of the
other person. One way to accomplish this is by asking questions that clarify the other person’s pain points that they
want to solve.
One question to conclude this step is to ask:

100

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

“If in the end, you didn’t get to the place you were setting
up in Step 1, how important would that be to you?”
If the answer is very, then you have to explore further
and connect them emotionally to that pain.
If they don’t care very much, then they are not a good
candidate, unless of course we have sub-optimally helped
them see what they don’t see about the importance of what
we are offering.
At Step 2, Truth to Pain And Yes, within Group Influence
we highlight the negative consequences of not taking action,
and then provide a solution that can help to alleviate the
pain. This creates a sense of urgency and motivation for the
audience to take action toward a specific goal or outcome.
Here are some reasons why Step 2 of The 4 Steps is necessary for Group Influence:
Creates urgency: By highlighting the truth of the negative
consequences of not taking action, we create a sense of urgency and motivation for the audience to take action. This
can help to overcome any resistance or hesitation that the
audience may have toward taking action.
Encourages action: By providing a solution that can help to
alleviate the pain, the Truth, Pain And Yes Strategy encourages action and provides a clear path toward achieving a
specific goal or outcome. This can help to integrously motivate the audience to take action toward positive change.
Increases motivation: The Truth, Pain And Yes Strategy can
increase motivation by highlighting the truth of the negative
consequences of not taking action and the benefits of taking
action. This can help to inspire the audience to take the correct action toward their outcomes.

GROUP INFLUENCE

101

Overcomes objections: The Truth, Pain And Yes Strategy can
help to overcome objections by addressing the concerns and
hesitations of the audience. By highlighting the negative consequences of not taking action and providing a solution that
can help to alleviate the pain, individuals can address any objections or concerns that the audience may have toward taking action.
Overall, The Truth, Pain And Yes Strategy is necessary
for Group Influence because it creates urgency, encourages
action, increases motivation, and integrously overcomes objections. By leveraging Step 2 effectively, individuals can increase their chances of success in influencing others toward
positive change.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
TRUTH AND YES…. TRUTH TO PAIN AND YES,
TRUTH OF PAIN AND YES:
1.

What do we mean by Truth and Yes…Truth to
Pain and Yes and Truth of Pain and Yes?

2.

Why is it necessary in Integrous Group Influence to
master Step 2 of The 4 Steps?

102

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

3.

Give an example of where mastery of Step 2 of The
4 Steps can positively impact your business outcomes.

4.

Give an example of where mastery of Step 2 of The
4 Steps can positively impact your life and personal
relationships.

5.

What will it cost you in your business and life if you
do not master Step 2?

6.

How can you 20x your mastery of Step 2?

Chapter 20:
__________________________________
Heroic Unique Identity

W

ho are you?

You decide.
People want to see certain things in you.
And, make no mistake, those things that people want to see
are inside of you.
Creation and Conveyance of Your Heroic Unique Identity
is Part 3 of the 4 Step Communication Model of Integrity
Based Human Influence. There are certain characteristics
that attract people and there are certain characteristics that
repel people.
What are the heroic characteristics?

1. Integrity
2. Selflessness
3. Honesty
4. Empathy
5. Loyalty
6. Confidence
7. Integrity
8. Passion
9. Courage

104

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

10. Bravery
11. Humility
12. Love
13. Inspirational
14. Leader
15. Adventurous
What are the anti-heroic characteristics?

1. Manipulative
2. Negative Vibrational
3. Taking
4. Selfish
5. Immorality
6. Dishonesty
7. Arrogance
8. Ego
9. Cowardice
10. Weakness
11. Out of Integrity
12. Fraud
13. Deceitful
14. Liar
15. Corrupt

GROUP INFLUENCE

105

Each of us has a unique story to tell, and it's essential to
share that story authentically. By doing so, we create a heroic identity that others are drawn to, making our influence
even more impactful.
Step 3 of The 4 Steps is where you introduce who you are
and what you are doing in the world, sharing it (only in absolute integrity), and identifying how you can help the person achieve their dreams. The key is for them to see their
future in you.
It is incredibly important to tell and establish your story
with heroic characteristics and a story arc. This creates a
gravitational pull toward you and supports the other person
in seeing their future in you, which is your outcome by the
end of the conversation.
Overall, the creation and conveyance of a heroic unique
identity is key to Group Influence because it helps individuals to establish a clear and distinct identity, inspire action,
create a sense of community, and increase credibility. By integrously leveraging this identity effectively, individuals can
increase their chances of success in inspiring others toward
positive change.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
HEROIC UNIQUE IDENTITY (HUI):
1.

What does it mean to Create and Convey Your Heroic Unique Identity (HUI) in Step 3 of The 4
Steps?

106

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

2.

What is your Heroic Unique Identity?

3.

Do we only have one Heroic Unique Identity, or do
we have separate Heroic Unique Identities for different areas of our lives?

4.

Why is Step 3 such a crucial and necessary piece of
Integrous Group Influence?

5.

What will it cost you if you do not master this skill?

6.

What will it do for your business and your life if you
increase your mastery in the Creation and Conveyance of Your Heroic Unique Identity?

7.

List 10 Heroic Characteristics that are present in
your favorite characters, those you idolize, etc.

GROUP INFLUENCE

8.

107

How can you 20x your mastery of Step 3?

Chapter 21:
__________________________________
Agreement Formation

P

itching, hooking, closing?

Never.
Would you want us to close your mom?
Us neither.
Instead, what if you could move forward from the same side
of the table, in a transparent and integrous agreement where
you are adding more value than you take?
Agreement Formation is the 4th Step of the 4 Step Communication Model of Integrity Based Human Influence.
If you are not in absolute agreement, you are in disagreement.
Just like you, the person you are speaking to wants more
money, more time, and/or more magic and fulfillment in
their life and business.
At this step, you must not only identify but overcome all
of their unspoken and spoken objections.
All objections are emotional. There is no such thing as a
logical objection unless they have a family or business obligation that they cannot miss.
To overcome any objection, you must disrupt their patterns of “knowingness” and what they believe is true. You
can do this by making bold proclamations and asking powerful questions that allow them to see what they are not

GROUP INFLUENCE

109

seeing. This is when they become “unblinded” to you and
your importance.
The keys are disruption and overcoming objections,
bearing the 4 energies. A key concept is to have objections
collapse upon themselves as people want to explain why
they are saying “no”.

TRUTH-TELLING AND CONFRONTATION.
What is confrontation? It is directly addressing an issue
without avoidance from a place of integrity and truth to
achieve your OUTCOME.
When confronting, we employ the principles of ERPD:

1. Empathy
2. Respect
3. Precision
4. Directness
It is important to engage in the components of ERPDing
in their sequential order and with each of the components
present.
What is the purpose of confrontation? It builds rapport,
creates a pattern interrupt, breaks apathy, reveals truth, and
educates.
It is a relentless pursuit of your outcome using the 12 Indispensable Elements of Integrous Influence Mastery, the 4
Step Communication Model, and the 4 Energies.
How do you have a high-quality confrontation?

ü Know the outcome of the confront;

110

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

ü Establish Emotional Rapport;
ü Be caring, empathetic, precise, respectful, and direct;
ü Set expectations clearly;
ü Form clear agreements;
ü Focus on the desired result, do not focus on fear or
discomfort;
ü Ask open and closed-ended questions, especially
“Why?”;
ü Lean into objections;
ü Use pattern interrupts and disruptions.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
AGREEMENT FORMATION:
1.

What is Agreement Formation in Step 4 of The 4
Steps?

2.

How is Agreement Formation Different from “closing” and why do we care?

3.

How would it make you feel (list all the emotions) if
you overheard someone saying that they were going
to “close” your mom?

GROUP INFLUENCE

111

4.

When should we “check in” during the Agreement
Formation Process?

5.

Should the Agreement Formation always be for a
sale, or is it ok to sometimes make the agreement for
the next meeting or phone call? How do we know
which is appropriate?

6.

How would you rate your present mastery of Agreement Formation?

7.

Where is there room for improvement in your
Agreement Formation skills?

8.

What can rising in these skills cause in your business
and your life?

112

9.

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

What will it cost you if you do not rise in your
Agreement Formation skills?

10. How can you 20x your mastery of Agreement Formation?

Chapter 22:
__________________________________
How To Create A Talk Opening: Cold Openings,
What Ifs, and Beyond

N

othing is more vital than the first disruptive fifteen

seconds of your Group Influence.
But how?
Master this, and you exponentially grow in Group Influence Mastery immediately.
Overall, speaking engagements can be a powerful tool
for Group Influence, as they provide an opportunity to share
a common vision, build rapport and trust, demonstrate expertise and authority, create a sense of urgency, and leverage group dynamics. Through using Integrous Group
Influence effectively, speakers can inspire and influence
groups toward a shared goal or objective.
Before we move into the creation of a successful opening
of a talk, let’s examine the components of a talk.
The main components of a talk are: Opening, 3-5 Main
Points, Outro with a call to action.
Opening: The introduction is the opening part of the talk that
sets the stage and captures the audience's attention and
opens their listening. It should provide an overview of what
the talk will cover and why it's important. Speak into their
listening.
Body: The body of the talk is where the speaker presents the
main content and ideas. Have 3 to 5 main points. This is

114

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

where the speaker will provide evidence, share stories, and
make their arguments.
Transitions: Transitions are the phrases or sentences that
connect the different parts of the talk. They help the audience understand how the different parts of the talk relate to
each other and keep the flow of the talk smooth.
Outro: The conclusion is the ending part of the talk that summarizes the main points and reinforces the message. It
should also leave a lasting impression on the audience. This
is where you have your call to action.
Q&A: Depending on the format of the talk, there may be a
question-and-answer session where the audience can ask
the speaker questions and engage in a dialogue.
Visual aids: Visual aids such as slides or videos can be used
to enhance the talk and provide a visual representation of
the content.
Delivery: Delivery refers to the way the speaker presents the
talk. It includes factors such as the speaker's tone, pace, volume, body language, and congruence.
Overall, these components work together to create a successful talk that engages the audience, presents a clear message, and achieves the desired outcome.
Now, let’s explore Cold Openings and What Ifs as a means of
opening our talks.
A cold opening is the beginning of a speaking engagement
that captures the audience's attention and sets the tone for
the rest of the speech. Here are some tips to help you create
an effective cold opening for your speaking engagement:

GROUP INFLUENCE

115

Grab the audience's attention: Start with a powerful statement, question, or statistic that is relevant to your topic. This
will immediately engage the audience and make them interested in what you have to say.
Use humor: If appropriate for your topic and audience, a
well-timed joke or humorous anecdote can be a great way to
break the ice and put everyone at ease.
Use a personal story: Sharing a personal story related to
your topic can help the audience relate to you and your message. It can also help establish credibility and make you more
approachable.
Use a visual aid: A powerful image or short video clip can be
a great way to grab the audience's attention and set the tone
for your speech.
Make a bold statement: A bold statement can challenge the
audience's preconceived notions and get them thinking
about your topic in a new way.
Remember that the goal of your cold opening is to capture the audience's attention and make them interested in
what you have to say. By using one or more of these techniques, you can create an effective cold opening that sets the
tone for your entire speaking engagement.
Here are a few examples of cold openings that you can use to
start your speaking engagement:
Shocking statistic: "Did you know that every 2 seconds, a
child dies of malnutrition somewhere in the world? That
means that by the time I finish this sentence, another child
will have died. This is a crisis that demands our attention and
action."

116

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

Personal story: "When I was growing up, my mother always
told me that I could be anything I wanted to be. But as I got
older, I started to doubt myself and my abilities. It wasn't until I discovered the power of positive self-talk that I was able
to overcome my self-doubt and achieve my goals."
Humor: "Good evening, everyone! I'm thrilled to be here tonight, especially since I was promised an unlimited supply of
pizza and pina coladas. But seriously, I'm excited to talk to
you all about the future of renewable energy."
Bold statement: "The world as we know it is changing at an
unprecedented pace. And if we don't take action now, we
risk leaving behind a planet that is uninhabitable for future
generations."
Visual aid: "I want you to close your eyes for a moment and
imagine that you're standing on a beach. You can feel the sun
on your skin and the sand between your toes. Now imagine
that the beach is covered in plastic waste. This is the reality
that we're facing today, and it's up to us to do something
about it."
Now that you have a better understanding of cold openings as means to open a talk, let’s discuss the option of using
What Ifs.
Using "what ifs" to open a talk means posing hypothetical questions or scenarios that encourage your audience to
think about a particular issue or topic. The purpose of this
type of opening is to engage the audience's imagination and
get them thinking about the possibilities that lie ahead.
"What if" questions can be particularly effective for talks
related to the future or for talks that challenge the audience
to think in new and innovative ways. For example, if you're

GROUP INFLUENCE

117

giving a talk on the future of artificial intelligence, you might
start with a "what if" question such as:
"What if we could create machines that could think and
reason like humans? What would that mean for our society,
our economy, and our future?"
Or if you're giving a talk on the importance of creativity
in the workplace, you might start with a "what if" scenario
like:
"What if we lived in a world where everyone had the
freedom to be creative and innovative? How would that
change the way we work, learn, and grow?"
Using "what ifs" to open a talk can be a great way to capture your audience's attention and get them thinking about
your topic in a new and exciting way.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
COLD OPENINGS, WHAT IFS, AND BEYOND:
1.

What are some options on how to open your talk
and which are less and which are more optimal?

2.

What is a cold opening and what is an example, including tense?

3.

What is a “What If” opening and what does it cause?

118

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

4.

How do I masterfully use “What Ifs” in my talk?

5.

How do I masterfully deliver my talk in order to
master Integrous Group Influence?

6.

Why is a masterful talk introduction necessary for
mastering Integrous Group Influence?

Chapter 23:
__________________________________
Talk Outros

T

he Opening and the Outro of your talk make up ninety

percent of the Group Influence Mastery of your talk.
Do you end with a golf clap?
Perhaps thunderous applause for your brilliance?
Or, as great Greek orator Cicero challenged, do you cause
your audience to go forward and march?
The Outro of your talk, also known as the conclusion, should
summarize the main points of your talk and leave a lasting
impression on the audience. Here are some components to
consider including in your outro:
Recap: Summarize the main points of your talk in a concise
and clear manner. This can help to reinforce your message
and ensure that the audience understands the key takeaways.
Call to action: End your talk with a clear call to action. This
can be a specific action that you want the audience to take,
such as signing up for a program, volunteering, or making a
donation.
Closing statement: End your talk with a memorable closing
statement that reinforces your message and leaves a lasting
impression on the audience.

120

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

Thank you: Express gratitude to the audience for their time
and attention. This can help to establish a connection with
the audience and leave a positive impression.
Contact information: Provide contact information, such as
your email address or social media handles, so that the audience can reach out to you if they have any questions or want
to learn more.
Overall, the outro of your talk should be memorable, concise, and reinforce your message. By including a recap of
your main points, a clear call to action, a memorable closing
statement, a thank you, and your contact information, you
can create a successful outro that leaves a lasting impression
on the audience.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
TALK OUTROS:
1.

What should the outro section of my talk be comprised of?

2.

How do I ensure that I masterfully deliver the outro
of my talk?

GROUP INFLUENCE

121

3.

How can I ensure that I am keeping the attention of
the audience all the way through the outro section
of my talk?

4.

How can I reopen listening if I have lost the attention of the group?

5.

Why is mastery of my talk outro necessary for Integrous Group Influence?

6.

What does a proper call to action look like in the
outro of my talk?

Chapter 24:
__________________________________
The Middle Of A Talk

I

f the Intro and Outro are masterful, the Middle just

needs to have three to five effective points that do not screw
up your Intro and Outro or put your audience to sleep.
Of course, that is an exaggeration.
Three to five points illustrated by effectively emotionevoking, and logically clear stories, will make the mastery of
your Group Influence complete.
The middle of your talk should consist of the main content
and ideas that you want to convey to the audience. This is
where you will present your arguments, share your stories
and examples, and provide evidence to support your message. Here are some components to consider including in the
middle of your talk:
Main points: Start by introducing your main points, and
make sure they are easy to understand and follow. This can
help to keep the audience engaged and interested in what
you have to say.
Evidence: Use evidence to support your main points, such as
statistics, research, case studies, or personal anecdotes. This
can help to build credibility and reinforce your message.
Stories: Use stories to illustrate your points and make them
more memorable. Personal stories or examples can be

GROUP INFLUENCE

123

particularly effective in engaging the audience and creating
an emotional connection.
Examples: Use examples to clarify your points and make
them more relatable. Examples can help the audience to understand complex concepts or ideas by applying them to
real-world situations.
Visual aids: Use visual aids, such as slides, images, or videos,
to enhance your presentation and make it more engaging.
Visual aids can help to break up the monotony of a long talk
and make it easier for the audience to follow along.
Transitions: Use transitions to connect your main points and
make the flow of your talk smoother. Transitions can help
the audience to understand how different points relate to
each other and make it easier to follow your argument.
Overall, the middle of your talk should be engaging, informative, and well-organized. By including main points, evidence, stories, examples, visual aids, and transitions, you
can create a successful middle that engages the audience and
reinforces your message.

LET’S CHECK IN WITH A SELF-ASSESSMENT ON
THE MIDDLE OF A TALK:
1.

What belongs in the middle section of my talk?

2.

How do I keep the full attention of the audience
during this section of my talk?

124

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

3.

How can I rise in my mastery of the delivery of my
talk so that people are engaged, interested, and want
to continue the conversation after I conclude my
talk?

4.

What do I do if I encounter a heckler or mismatcher
during my talk? Hint: Refer to the chapter on confronts.

Epilogue from Tink:
__________________________________
What if?

W

hat if there are actually superheroes?

What if you, led by Sean Callagy and Unblinded, are those
superheroes in this world?
A superhero risks everything for people.
Superheroes risk, face, and sacrifice being misunderstood and misportrayed, risk and sacrifice the comforts of a
simple and ordinary life, and also sacrifice so much of their
time, energy, and life force for the benefit of other human beings regardless of whether those human beings are grateful
or not.
As part of Unblinded, you are one of a fraction of a fraction of a percent of people who will ever know what it takes
and costs to impact millions of lives, just as Sean and the Unblinded team have in their invaluable contributions to the
millions of people that have been impacted by the Formula
across the world.
One of those impacted lives is mine, which carries over
to so many people I love, give to and serve thanks to Sean
and the Formula he has instilled in me. He has not only impacted my life...at times he has saved it.
Oh, the miracles I have seen this Formula cause and create…

126

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

Through the mastery of The Formula, his Formula, I have
witnessed Sean Callagy: protect those who can't protect
themselves, include those who are excluded, see the unseen,
hear the unheard, give a voice to those who are silenced,
raise over 10 million dollars for charity in 2022, create an
entire 100 plus person law firm that recovers money for doctors that is stolen from them, cause business owners to get
back their businesses when they are defrauded, restore belief in the goodness of people just about on a daily basis, not
only bring but invent and actualize magical experiences into
this world that do not and have not existed anywhere else
ever before, positively impact every life he encounters
whether it is a waiter, Uber driver, Senator, presidential candidate, billionaire, Disney's highest level Executives, impact
Fortune 10, Fortune 50 and Fortune 100 company leaders,
save the lives of horses and baby turtles, restore faith for
those who stopped believing, deliver supplies to Ukraine
during war amid missile fire purchased with money he
raised and contributed to, and even create a 7 figure charitable foundation solely from his own money with zero other
contributions that dispels the misperceptions about Christianity and restores the truth that it is about love, inclusion
and giving.
I, like so many, could never repay Sean and the Unblinded team in a thousand lifetimes for the selflessness, sacrifices, and undying commitment to the mission that is the
core of my heart and soul.

The magic is, that possibility, the ability to cause miracles and actualize dreams exists for all of us through
the mastery of The Formula that you studied here.

GROUP INFLUENCE

127

This past week you were Aquaman or a mermaid at the
depths of the ocean, you were one with the sharks, sting rays,
starfish, and sea creatures. You rescued a baby turtle and
gave it another chance at life and the greatest gift that exists,
the ability to fully live. Will you truly and fully live? In the
same way you contributed and caused that turtle to have a
second chance at life and living, you were given the same opportunity this week through the lessons of The Formula.
Some of those lessons took place in a meeting room, and others transpired hundreds of meters offshore at an underwater shipwreck. Will you embrace the same sacred gift that
you granted that turtle? Will you accept a second chance at
life and all of its wondrous possibilities? A life of deep meaning, of influence, of fully living, of accepting the great responsibility that comes with the newfound ability to actualize not
only your dreams but also cause that ability in others?
Will you carry forth your newfound mastery, wisdom
and knowledge each day and at every opportunity once you
step off that plane and arrive home, wherever home is for
you?
Or will you fall back into patterns of comfort, fear, excuses, and social norms, falling prey to the love for “the
new”?
Will you be the force for good for everyone who is
blessed to know and encounter you?
Will you be Peter Pan for them, showing them how to believe and how to fly?
Will you remember the sting rays, the playful, loveable,
slippery puppies of the water, and will you bring that playfulness and Fun Energy into your own life?

128

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

When fear takes hold, will you plummet and then summit the depths of the ocean, use your resolve, decisiveness,
strength, and powerful Zeus Energy to stay the course?
When hope is lost, will you tap into your Aspirational Energy, help others find a will, a way, and see the light, the
goodness, and the possibility that still exists and is waiting
for you (it will always be there waiting for you)? Will you
commit to reaching that higher place? Will you never lose
sight of your Why?
When darkness comes for you, will you remember that
you cannot fight darkness with darkness? Will you tap into
Goddess Energy and remember that darkness can only be
conquered with love, strength, depth of heart, and light? Will
you remember how to love unconditionally with boundaries? Will you maybe even turn darkness to light?
When Captain Hook claws at you, intending to pull you
back into old patterns, dragging you toward the abyss of fear
and doubt, will you use the lessons that you have learned
here on this magical island to bring you back to truth, the
truth of who you truly are, remembering that you have everything you need inside you already to overcome any obstacle or conquer any villain?
Will you remember that no one, and I mean no one, has
the ability to define you but you?
Will you convey your Heroic Unique Identity, empower
and inspire others to do the same?
Will you remember that you need no acknowledgment
but your own?

GROUP INFLUENCE

129

Will you resist manipulation and Palpatineism when
dark forces try to trap you by causing doubt and fear in you
in order to use you for their own dark outcomes?
Will you remember that the gift of Level Five Listening is
the greatest gift you could give any human being, and that
you do not need unlimited amounts of money and resources
to cause the outcomes you are seeking in the world?
Will you remember that the mastery of The Formula is a
unique gift that makes you one of the rarest individuals in
the world, and your mastery of it makes you an immensely
powerful superhero, far more powerful than those you remember from your childhood years?
Where will you go?
What will you do from here, with these newfound gifts,
skillsets, and superpowers?
Will it all be lost?
Will it wait here, on Seven Mile Beach, with the serene
ocean, colorful coral reef, magnificent sunsets, starry nights,
tiki torches, and rum punch filled coconuts until next year?
Or will you carry the superpowers forward, light the
way, and maybe share them with others, form your own Justice League, and take your mission for good to the world?
You are far more powerful than you have ever dared to
imagine.
I have seen you fly.
I believe in you.
With absolute love for you, your dreams, your heart,
your soul, your integrity, and your superhero identity,

130

SEAN CALLAGY & NICOLE MAIELLO

Nicole “Tink” Maiello
A special thanks to Sean Callagy for Unblinding me to
what life truly is, and through his Formula, even showing me
my purpose in it.

