THE 7 LEVERS OF
MARKETING AND
SALES PROCESS
MASTERY:
________________________________

SEEING WHAT YOU DON’T
SEE ABOUT EXPONENTIALLY
GROWING YOUR MONEY,
TIME, AND MAGIC

SEAN CALLAGY

2 SEAN CALLAGY

The 7 Levers Of Marketing And Sales Process Mastery: Seeing
What You Don’t See About Exponentially Growing Your Money,
Time, and Magic
Copyright © 2023 by Sean Callagy
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or
transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.
ISBN: 979-8-218-95270-9
Printed in USA by 48HrBooks (www.48HrBooks.com)


Chapter 1:
__________________________________
Do We Need the 93,100,001st Google Result On
Exponentially Growing Your Money, Time,
And magic?

Q

uit.

Just quit.
I cannot live like this for another day.
Have you ever felt that way?
Do you feel that way?
I did.
I do.
It is 1997.
I am standing in a book store looking at a wall of books. I
am desperate.
In the Self-Help section of Walden books in Paramus Park
Mall in Paramus, New Jersey, there are hundreds of books on
how to be happier, make more money, build business, market,
and sell.
There are a few more now.
Googling “how do I grow my business with integrity and
make more money, in less time with greater fulfillment” produces 93,100,000 results.
Yes, ninety three million, one hundred thousand search results.
Start with Why, Awaken the Giant Within, Good to Great,
Chat GPT, Who Moved My Cheese, The One Minute Manager,
The Sticking Point Solution, Money Master the Game, The Only
Investment Guide You Will Ever Need, 99 Closing Techniques,
10x, Impossible to Inevitable, and ninety three million one

6 SEAN CALLAGY

hundred thousand more books.
I am just about one year into my profession as a barred
New Jersey attorney and six months or so since quitting what
I thought was my dream job at one of New Jersey’s most prestigious law firms, when they offered me psychological counseling for wanting to quit.
I am dead serious.
As I stand in Waldenbooks, I am thinking they are right.
I am also beginning to curse Tony Robbins and Jay Abraham.
As I look at their books and all the rest, I begin to think that
all of these people made money selling books and programs
and not building actual businesses.
How can they help me?
My motivation is gone. Desperation is present.
I am one hundred thousand dollars in debt from law
school. I have no relationships. I have no identity and no teammates.
I feel completely alone.
For me, though, there is no going back. I am going blind. I
will not be blind, broke, and an alcoholic like other family
members.
I will do this, or die trying…that is how I truly feel.
It is now the year 2000, just two short years after taking
the crazed leap off the cliff and starting my own law firm.
I stand atop my dream beach house. I am holding my
dream, my son Tyler, as tears pour down my face. My grandmothers, aunts, uncles, cousins, and parents are standing atop
the beach house with me.
They were all wrong. It worked. I am grateful for all the
lessons my family taught me, of what to do and not to do, my
high school coaches and that Tony Robbins guy and that Jay
Abraham guy, along with a little-known author named Robert
Anthony. Well, here’s to drinking the snake oil chased by the

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 7

Kool-Aid.
Oh, and I want to quit tonight, like many nights, as I lost
this document because as I am now blind, and I did not see
that my twenty or so pages I had typed over the past two hours
were not typing, because the low battery message came on
and took me out of the document. Of course, being blind, I did
not notice that I was out of the document the whole time I was
typing.
The desire to quit never goes away.
More on the war of our linear, lying survival brain and our
exponential and even at times infinitely higher self.
Why write this book?
With ninety three million, one hundred thousand answers
to “how do I grow my business and make more money in less
time with more magic” answers, do we really need ninety
three million, one hundred thousand and one?
If I did not think so, I would not write this book.
I love life, fun, and adventure. My self-focused time is surfing,
skiing, scuba diving, working out, and spending time with my
children, family, and close friends. As a blind man, I am very
proud of myself for doing those things still.
I do not feel a lot of pride in the mastery I have developed in
understanding how to build, grow and scale business and
cause people to understand the superpower of human influence with integrity.
I often feel like Rambo must have felt: I have a certain skill
set. It is not my favorite skill set to deploy, but I feel selfish if I
don’t do this and I would feel like I was not being loyal to and
serving my higher power if I did not do this.
We live in a world where everyone is a coach.
Here is the truth of what I believe to be the truth. People

8 SEAN CALLAGY

are beautiful souls. I know that at the core people are truly
good. I love people unconditionally, with boundaries. I believe
everything everyone does is an act of love or a cry for help. I
believe everyone is equally entitled to love, financial abundance, joy, happiness, and everything this incredible world
has to offer.
I also know that there is a difference between Tom Brady
and all of the other quarterbacks. I know that Babe Ruth, Michael Jordan, Muhammad Ali, Warren Buffett, Oprah Winfrey,
Tony Robbins, Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos, and many others have developed a very different level of mastery than other humans.
It does not make them better people. It does make them
very capable of producing exponentially, and nearly infinitely
more powerful results in their marketing, selling, managing,
leading, recruiting, fundraising, and philanthropy than billions of other humans.
What changed my life, is what changed Napoleon Hill’s and
Tony Robbins’ lives: figuring out what that meant.
And, just like the iPhone sought to disrupt the Blackberry,
to create more efficiency, that is what Unblinded and I have
set out to do for the world of personal development over the
past twenty-six years.
That is why I am here: to give people that which I easily
could have missed.
To support people in seeing what they do not see in raising
their money, time, and magic.
Now, why are you here...?

Chapter 2:
__________________________________
Why Are You Here?

W

hy are you reading this book and interested in seeing

what you don’t see about exponentially growing your money,
time, and magic? Actually, before we get to why you are reading this, what did it take for you to get to this point? And I don't
just mean, whatever went on in your home before the moment
you picked up this book. I’m referring to what it takes to get
here to this place of wanting more and commitment to personal and professional growth, from the time that you were
born until here and now.
And maybe it took many flights on airplanes, conquering
countless expected and unexpected life challenges, including
surviving issues and dynamics from your childhood. What did
it take during your grammar school years? Maybe for some of
you, those were extraordinary years. And for some of you, unfortunately, they were far less than wonderful. Maybe it was
fortunate in the end. For some of us, we went through a journey in our high school years. And for some of us, that journey
was remarkable and wonderful in almost every way, probably
for very few of us though. Perhaps your high school time was
really suboptimal, and maybe even a deeply painful period
that you wish you could forget.
But then we did something after high school. And for some
of us, we went to work. For some of us, we were finding ourselves. Some of us went to college. Some of us did all three of
these things at the same time. And it was a journey. And, I
don't mean a plant medicine journey. But rather I mean, a different kind of journey. Maybe for some it actually was a plant

10 SEAN CALLAGY

medicine journey, right? We made progress, and we moved
forward. We made magic happen. And things went well, and
things didn't go all that well. Just like in grammar school, and
just like in high school, there were ups and downs. And then
we progressed from there. Some of us are not that far removed
from those days. Most of us reasonably progressed from that
time. For some of us that was an ancient time ago.
So, what happened next? What was the journey next, on
the way to this today? After college, maybe it was four marriages ago. Maybe it was 29 relationships ago. Maybe there
was tragedy. And maybe there was magic. Maybe it was a bit
of all of these things. And there was a journey of things that we
dreamt of, some dreams that we created and also others that
never came to fruition. And then we moved on, for most of us,
into our 30s. But then we kept progressing in our life journey.
And maybe it was two or three or four or five careers ago. Or
maybe this is the same one.
And all of those dynamics, the magic, the people, the relationships, the family, the tears of pain, the tears of joy, the tragedy, the heartbreak, all of that and everything you had to grow
through to bring yourself here to this point today was a part
of how you got here, reading this book. And we are immensely
grateful for your taking the time to commit to yourself. It is an
honor and a privilege. And we have done everything to deliver
for you, to have this be the greatest time of acceleration you've
ever experienced in your life for what you want. This is a space
of no judgment. This is a space of no expectation. If you're here
to learn, if you're here to rise any part of anything now, it is
loved and accepted.
Unblinded, what does it mean? It means to support and
guide people in seeing what they don't see. So, the root of our
time here together is going to be the unveiling of truth. But
there is a deeper promise here. That deeper promise is acceleration and actualization. We're also here to make that

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 11

acceleration and actualization as specific and intentional as
we possibly can. The focus of this book is Process Mastery.
Process Mastery is one of three pillars in The Unblinded Results Formula and it is the “what you do” portion of rising in
your money, your time, and your magic or achieving any outcome in your business and your life.
Let’s drop into the pillar of Self Mastery for a moment. I
guarantee, you're going to feel tired, frustrated, and restless
as you grow and build your dreams. I say this as an example of
what's possible. I'm going to tell you the things I do great, and
I'll tell you the things I do just okay, I'll tell you the things I do
suboptimally. I don't really sweat unless I exercise heavily and
I believe that's part of a Self Mastery dynamic. I don't get hot,
and I don't get cold, because I refuse to even accept those paradigms. It is possible. As you are dealing with frustrations, the
solution to so much of the friction that results, lies in our Self
Mastery. It is all the byproduct of what we choose to focus on.
Tony Robbins taught me that 25 years ago, and even before
that my high school athletic coaches taught me a language
called focus. I remember the time when I was in a martial arts
course. I took three years in martial arts pretty intensely, very
intensely, actually. And I practiced for years on my own after
that time period. In that course, I took one segment for about
three months, with an instructor who was a very unpleasant
person. He behaved and coached as though he was straight out
of Cobra Kai from the movie Karate Kid. With great pride and
joy, he would brag about beating people up and punching people in the face at bars. So, this was not enjoyable, and definitely
not a good influence for me.
But in modeling, which we're going to talk a lot about in
this book, there was one thing he gave me to model that was
absolutely extraordinary when he was putting us through the
most extreme, challenging dynamics, and I do mean extreme.
He would scream things like “Don't show me your pain. Don't

12 SEAN CALLAGY

show me your pain.” Now, you could do whatever you want
with this. But what he was really saying was “Don't beg me to
go lighter on you.” It was an incredibly interesting dynamic
and a breakthrough for me because I noticed I would look up
at him a lot. I wanted him to see how hard I was working, how
committed I was, and how significant the toll it was taking on
me was. I wanted to show that I'm committed and I'm doing
the things he is coaching me to do. But I learned that I don't
need that from him. And you don't need that from anyone either.
As we progress, we'll talk a lot about heart in this book and
the balancing of how heart and math show up in our Marketing and Sales Process Mastery will be a very individualized decision. Everything you're going to decide, decide intentionally
because we all got here from somewhere and those somewheres put tons of conditioning into our nervous system
about lots of things that we will unpack here.
Within the Unblinded Results Formula, this content is going to focus 80% on Process Mastery, 10% on Self Mastery,
and 10% on Influence Mastery. We are always in all three pillars at the same time, because all three are crucial for success.
The three pillars are not sequential. They are simultaneous.
And as we learn things, we have to learn them in bits and
steps, but to also remember the context that they all fit together. Our first work here is to support you in getting
grounded in truth. We're going to look at facts. When we look
at money facts, we're also going to look at time facts. And we'll
look at magic facts, how happy people are, how depressed
people are, how much time people work, and how much
money people make in different professions. And we're going
to talk about the gravitational pull that exists toward these
numbers, how massively accumulated these sections of people are. We will also discuss change.
Looking ahead, we're going to have an amazing, incredible

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 13

time asking the question of how fast you actually want to go.
Because that's different for everyone reading this. That
sounds so overwhelming, I know. But you're going to choose
your speed very intentionally, and we have fun names for the
speeds. Maybe you're in the category of Balance. Maybe you're
in Accelerator. Maybe you're in Warrior, or maybe you're in
Moonshot. And maybe you’re in the category of Now or Later.
In each of those categories, we came up with a beautiful way
of bifurcating that decision so that you feel really comfortable
knowing where you are within them.
The purpose is not to compare yourself to anyone. If
you're in Balance in the category of Acceleration, you should
not be comparing yourself to someone in the Moonshot category. We're currently in the Moonshot category here at Unblinded. Now, very few people are in Moonshot right now, so
don't compare yourself with the speed and the hours that
someone else is putting in. Do compare yourself in terms of
your own process and influence mastery, relative to your category.
What can you expect as we delve deeper into this content?
It's going to be very powerful, and very grounding. Then,
we'll discuss facts, the truth about the world, about gravity,
and about escape velocity, because some people hit that escape velocity, and do escape gravity in their money, time, and
magic.
We’ll explore who you are. I'll briefly share my story, and
how I made very intentional decisions about my life not being
average, and not being gravitationally restricted, about hitting
escape velocity, and how we got here.
Then, we’ll explore the fact that there is a growth and fixed
mindset challenge, a very real challenge, and the necessity of
understanding that there is a formula that is controlling your
money, your time, and the magic in your life.
We will discuss the challenges of the myths that destroy

14 SEAN CALLAGY

our acceleration. That section will be a beautiful grounding in
the elements of the Formula and Process Mastery, as well as
Self Mastery as it relates to our time here together and overall.
There is a chapter focused on the pillar of Influence Mastery which will focus on integrously going from hello to yes
with any individual.
And as we drive this forward there will be a section focused on numbers, math, leakage, and exponential reality,
with some very real examples.
When we are complete, you will have an Unblinding perspective of truth. You may want to turn away from the truth.
But it will be extraordinarily difficult for you to turn away
from the truth in earnest. In the same way, it's tough to turn
away from a scale and say the scale was wrong or off. The scale
was a scale. It did not lie.
As you read this book, take every section of Marketing and
Sales Process Mastery, break it down, and not only study the
distinctions of mastery in it, but also make intentional decisions, move forward, and work on your space, your platform,
your shared experiences, your pricing, the value, you're committed to changing in the dynamics around who your ideal
ecosystem partners are, stages and clients.
Focus on what your value proposition to create partnerships is. What is your value proposition with your clients for
and around them?
We're going to ground in the fact that there are four parts
of Process Mastery:

1. Modeling
2. Time Blocking
3. Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring
4. Innovation and Optimization (vertical and horizontal)

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 15

Those four pieces we will understand like we understand
our name. We will see them everywhere. And we will consistently optimize our mastery in them.
Now, let’s do an exercise to get very clear on why you are
here.
This exercise is about your primary outcome right now.
Are you here for more money? Are you here for more time?
Are you here for more magic? And the answer is going to be
yes, all of them combined. So, let's think about what that looks
like. Be taking notes like crazy, writing these answers down,
and driving outcomes forward as you read this.
How much money do you make right now? What are you
on pace to make this year? What's the number you're committed to making? This year? Next year? What change do you
want to make, if any? You might be thinking, I don't need to
make any change in terms of my money. It's not why I’m reading this book.
But are you planning to just stay at the same number, or
would you like to reach a different number? How much
money? What is your net worth?
Do a quick calculation.
During this calculation, the cortisol that may come up, or
the complete pride that may come up, is fully alterable and all
within your control.
Decide what you want your income to be 10 years from
now. What are you committed to your income being? And
what are you committed to your net worth being in 10 years?
This is not, by the way, a goal-setting exercise. We're going
to come back and do more with this. This is just a quick
grounding exercise. We're not going through all the aspirational dynamics right now.
And then just to put a little bit of emotion to it, why do you
want that money? Why do you want that net worth? What do
you want to create with it? Do you just want to feel more

16 SEAN CALLAGY

relaxed? Do you want to feel more empowered? Do you want
to feel more decisive? Do you want to feel more love? So, now
you think money and love are connected? Maybe they are for
you. Not sure? What things do you want to create? Do you have
the home you want to be in? Do you want to be in a home?
What differential do you want to see in your home? What second home or third home or fourth home? Or fifth home? What
do you seek and desire this year? And over the course of these
next 10 years?
What does it look like?
Where is it? And most importantly, how does it feel? When
you're in the space, how does it feel?
When I stand on the roof deck of the physical embodiment
of my personal development journey, my first beach home in
Long Beach Island, I feel the most overwhelming sense of gratitude and connection to God. I feel love. I feel heart. I feel soul.
I feel family. I feel all of those things. When I stand on that roof
deck, which I'm committed to doing every time I go to the
house, and every time before I leave the house, I commit to
never forget the grounding and gratitude.
What is that feeling for you? What might that feeling be for
you? Do cars matter to you? Do you want a plane? Maybe you
want a boat. I went to Monaco for a Tony Robbins Platinum
Partnership trip in 2018. We went to the Monaco Yacht Club.
It was one of the craziest experiences of my life. Tyler, my son,
was there with me. There was a party at the yacht club that
night. Tony closed it off for his own private event. That's just
a completely ridiculous thing to be able to do, and he did.
We're there walking around and the first yacht we saw was
unbelievable. It was about a 150-foot-long yacht. I said to Tyler, “this is completely nuts.” And he responded, “Dad, there's
one behind it.” We go near it. This next one is about 240 feet
long. It dwarfs the first yacht completely. Ridiculous, right?
But even if I'm thinking, “Who needs a boat this big?! This is

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 17

absolutely crazy.” We could all say these things about people.
Is it right to judge? We walk a little further and there is a 360foot yacht. It’s longer than a football field, and this yacht has
three helicopters on it!
I say to Tyler, “you know, pal, the guy that owns the 150foot yacht felt really good. Until the 240-foot yacht pulled up
next to them, right? And that person who owns the 240-foot
yacht felt really great until the 360-foot yacht with three helicopters pulled in.”
Just so we're grounded and present in this, I don't think
that anything that anyone else has should ever be something
that makes us feel badly or envious. Tony Robbins talks about
six human needs and envy is a subset of the need for significance. This is about the dynamic of our being able to enjoy and
feel great things for people and not have to feel the need to
judge them. What if we let go of all of our judgment and instead look at that accomplishment and say “Wow, it is extraordinary that a human being could put together their life in a
way to create that.”
And it's also extraordinary that a human being could put
their life together in a way like my grandparents did, to create
the enormous amount of love in their family, so much so that
I still talk about my grandmother and grandfather as some of
the foundational principles of everything that I do to this day.
Their love was so powerful, and they were so successful, only
having made $25,000 in their highest income year of their life
combined, despite my grandfather’s blindness, that I decided
to buy two beach houses 200 yards away from their original
home, and commit to my grandfather that his and my grandmother’s home would never be outside of our family, that it
would always be their home.
There are many ways to define our life and to define success. If we're not grounded in that, then we can't possibly
move through our Marketing and Sales Process Mastery

18 SEAN CALLAGY

effectively and efficiently. Because we would have no idea
what it's all about.
I submit to you that your life is one context and your business is a component of that context. The key takeaway is that
all of it is actually one context. It's all interrelated. And the
more we see all of it as interrelated, the more we have the ability to drive it forward.
Your money does feed your time and your magic. It produces those abilities. Think about how much money you want
or don't want and what your beliefs are about money overall.
Those are all very individualized choices, which you're making today. We're going to give you some frameworks for how
to make those decisions in the next section. But for now, you
have some ideas about how much money you want to make
now, this year, and how much you are presently making.
How much money do you want to make in 10 years? What
is your net worth now? What do you want your net worth to
be at the end of the year? What do you want your net worth to
be in 10 years, and in your lifetime? What do you want your
legacy to be?
What about time? How much time are you working? Right
now? Each week? Overall? Five hours a week? Who could do
that? Lots of people. Tony Robbins owns 100 companies. Imagine you spent five hours a week on each company. I don't
think he's doing that, right? So, how much time are we spending working right now? How much time do you want to be
working by the end of the year? Now, when you're answering
this question, it should be a quick answer. We will make very
intentional decisions about your time blocking in later sections. That is one of the top four outcomes. We will get to
where you are in your time blocking. Your answer in this section will not be final. But as you're doing this, do see the context, the interrelationship between your money today, end of
the year, within 10 years, and in your lifetime. It is all

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 19

connected to how much time you're working this year.
The progression of this mission we're doing with Unblinded was something that I decided to do 20 plus years ago.
What I defined as success during my children's growing up
years, was in direct conflict with this Unblinded mission. It
was in direct conflict with how many human beings I would be
able to reach in this mission. And so, at that time I chose a direction to be present for my kids.
And people say “that's really nice that you chose to do
that.” I don't know, maybe it was selfish. Maybe Oprah’s
choices were better choices for the world, and for her serving
God. Because she didn't coach every sports team for her kids.
In fact, she does not have kids. She didn't do the things that I
did. I don't know the answer. I just know, that's the choice I
made. And I don't think it's better or less, but it was intentional. And I'm incredibly grateful I did. I have zero regrets.
And I'm sure she has no regrets either. This is about intentionality. It's about serving our hearts and really exploring our
heart as we make these decisions, because these are the things
I focus on when I'm thinking about doing things that I don't
feel like doing. This is what I focus on when I’m feeling things
I don't want to feel, when I feel uncomfortable or afraid.
I think of how I waited 15 years to do this and build this
Unblinded mission to bring this Formula to the world. I'm doing this now and I’m fully committed and focused. I don't care
when someone says “you just had an aortic dissection. You
could have died.” I'll die in the process of building this if that's
what it's supposed to be. I've made my commitment. I've won
my trophies. I've lived my life. I'm incredibly grateful. My kids
are set generationally. This is the mission. This is the purpose.
I am in moonshot, now. I will work 90 or 100 hours per week
to do this. That is my solid and unwavering commitment. It is
unbelievable, unshakable and nothing will change my mind.
It's intentional, and we're intentional about what we decide to

20 SEAN CALLAGY

do each day. We tend to get our outcomes at an exponentially
different level.
And there's no judgement about any of these choices for
anyone. Right now, we're going to make some decisions about
where you truly are.
Moving on to time. How much time are you working? How
much time do you want to be working this year? Remember,
it relates to your money and magic. It all relates. And it's not
permanent. This is not a permanent commitment. I am not
permanently committed to working 90 to 100 hours per week.
I am committed to doing that until we reach certain milestones in our growth, which we are beautifully, swiftly moving
toward. I used to coach 100% of people in the Unblinded program. I now coach about 40% of coaching clients. That change
has been intentional from day one and it takes time.
You will be met with resistance in this time dynamic, particularly from people who love you, because people who love
you also want things from you. True or False? Right. They will
say things like “How are you working this much? You said it
will not be like this? This is not what it was going to look like?”
Yeah, okay, so I thought maybe we'd be less than 90 hours a
week sooner. Yes, I thought that, but that's because we had
certain leakages and we could not define and close them. For
all of us, there's an interconnection between how much time
we work. And you don't have to accept anything I share. But
perhaps when you commit to this, give yourself a graduation
date.
We give ourselves graduation dates, and numbers that tell
us when we graduate, nobody else, nothing else. We graduate
when we hit the outcome, not before. There isn't a feeling of
we graduated, rather there's a fact of we graduated. Achieving
my dream beach house was a fact. I went away to Grand Cayman for three weeks, in the beginning of the 2000s, when I had
my law firm operating a certain level of income. I had my

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 21

beach house and had a certain amount of money in the bank
and that for me indicated a time to graduate. I was able to go
away on vacation for three weeks, with no cell phone, no communication, and nothing related to work. I had become a business owner, not operator. I decided, factually what that
graduation benchmark would be and drove toward it. I proved
it.
I created a plan to go teach the world how to do this. Now
that we have covered money and time, let's talk about magic.
What is magic for you? It may be reading, or something as simple as watching a Netflix series. Maybe it is body surfing.
Maybe it's surfing 100 days in a year. Maybe it's building a
hospital in a third-world country. Maybe it's working one day
a week in a soup kitchen. Maybe it's like my mom did, going
once a week to prison and doing Bible study for 10 years.
Maybe it's being able to donate a certain amount of clothing or
gather a certain amount of clothing to donate. What is that
magic for you? Maybe it's the ability to take your family on vacation. Maybe it's the ability to take a vacation by yourself.
Maybe it's the ability for the first time to go on a liveaboard
dive trip to Palau and Yap and scuba dive with shipwrecks and
manta rays. Maybe magic for you is to get up on a stage and
talk in front of 5,000 people.
Maybe magic is to have your own platform where you're
speaking daily. Maybe magic for you is that you own a farm
where you can save horses. What's the magic for you that is
happening right now? What magic did you create already in
your life? And maybe you literally have all the magic that you
want. Are you just sitting in that magic, living and experiencing it, fully enjoying it? Are you just reading this for the fun of
learning? That's cool, too. It's amazing, actually. Congratulations. And maybe that magic is something that's out there still.
And what if we can enjoy and experience our magic today and
just love what we're doing?

22 SEAN CALLAGY

What are those things in magic now and later for you?
Those dynamics occur in a sequence, and the sequence goes
like this. If we don't have the money that we want, that we are
absolutely bottom-line committed to, we will be focused on
that number. And we will give up time and magic for that
money. So, the question is, is money your top priority right
now? It is if would you answer yes to this question. Would I
work ten hours more per week to make X dollars? If there is
an amount of time you would invest to make more money,
then money is your current priority. And none of this comes
with any degree of judgment. It's not good or bad. In your
nervous system, if you would work more hours for a certain
amount of money, then you would take money over time.
We all want all three, money, time, and magic, but in a priority order. This priority order will inform our time blocking
later. This will be a direct corollary to how you use your time
blocking if there's an amount of money that you will work for.
Now, if the answer is no, then your priority is either time or
magic.
Time is your priority if you would say no to the same
question, we asked about money in terms of magic. If there's
no amount of time you would work to make any more money,
money is not your priority.
So, the next question is, would you create or would you invest more time for magic? Is there something you would put
in X amount of time for Y amount of magic? Would you work
five extra hours per week? Would you invest five hours per
week doing something to create more magic? If the answer is
yes, then time is not your ultimate priority. And I mean, commit to it completely.
If someone asked me to go back a number of years ago, to
commit to being on a sports board, to commit to being on a
regular consistent interval of doing something charitably, my
answer was an emphatic no. For a decade of my life, the

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 23

answer was no because for me, at that point, I had the magic
and love I wanted, I had the money I wanted, and time was
what I wanted. I wanted time to choose to do whatever the hell
I wanted to do. I was not committing to anything that would
take my time. Nothing was coming into that space, other than
the things for my kids. Time for my kids was the magic. I was
all in committed to that and there was nothing else you could
get me to commit to doing.
Magic was a priority, but time was the ultimate priority for
a period. And then that changed, when in walked a situation
where someone had a legal case, they were suicidal, and we
were there to potentially save their life. Then, all of a sudden,
time became not quite as important as saving this person’s life
and helping them legally. The magic of that possibility stepped
into my space. So, your priorities can change.
Is there an amount of time that you would invest for more
magic in your life? If yes, then it's not time as your top priority.
If the answer is no, and you would not invest any more time
for money, you would not invest any more time for magic, then
time is the top priority for you.
If you wouldn't invest time for money, but you would invest time for magic, then magic is your top priority. And that
magic could be anything. It could be two or three different
things. One thing, 15 things, but you are magic driven.
You should now have a perspective on your priorities of
money, time, and magic right now that's a little sharper than
when you began reading. Be in your heart, feeling the power
of the possibility of creating that money and/or that time
and/or that magic, whatever that priority sequencing is for
you.
Now the question becomes “at what speed.” These are the
four categories we selected. This is just an approximation. It's
like a space. A division line doesn't mean something absolute.
We will tell you the things that are absolute. When I tell you

24 SEAN CALLAGY

random networking is mathematically insane if you actually
want it to drive your money, that statement I will defend to
the death. These categories I will not. They're rough approximations that are fun.
The first category is Balance. Balance for us is going to
mean that you're going to invest 40 hours a week or less on
your business, or businesses. And then, we came up with a little fun subdivision inside of Balance. And we said Now or
Later. Nineteen or less is later. And twenty or more is now. So,
in each of these four groupings, we're going to divide them in
half, half in now and half in later.
If you're in Balance, you are going to work 40 hours per
week, no more. And then if it's 19 or less hours per week,
you're in like Balance later. That category would really be if
you just have life flowing. It's in a beautiful spot and this is
what you're choosing to do. And it is totally right for you as
long as it is right for what you actually desire and where your
outcomes lie, as long as you've made intentional decisions.
Is it Balance for you? And if so, is it working zero to 19
hours per week? Or is it 20 to 40 hours? If it's zero to 19 hours,
you are in Balance Later, if it's 20 to 40 hours you're in Balance
Now.
Our second category we call Accelerator. You’re in Accelerator if you're working 41 to 59 hours per week. 41 to 49
hours would be Balance Later. It's the lower end of Accelerator. 50 to 59 hours per week we call Accelerator Now, at the
higher end of Accelerator. Is that you?
The third category is Warrior. That dynamic is going to be
working 60 to 69 hours per week to be in Warrior Later, and
working 70 to 79 hours per week to be in Warrior Now.
Our final category is Moonshot. If you’re in this category,
you’re all in with your chips timewise. It involves full-time
commitment. You’re in the Moonshot Later category if you are
working 80 to 89 hours per week, and Moonshot Now if you

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 25

are working 90 hours plus per week.
Who are you? Which category do you fall into? Take one
minute and really digest this. Ask yourself where you truly are
within these categories. This is crucial to figure out because
we're going to evaluate time blocking within the seven levers
intensely, meaningfully with fun, based on these answers.
Your answers here will inform these decisions. And you may
of course change your category as you read on and delve
deeper into the content, discovering new things about yourself and your business.
You're going to feel new things throughout this content, as
truth is revealed to you about the choices. There is a pacing
and a speed of dynamics that must occur which will determine
the category you're going to be in and you'll understand even
more about that as we progress. But just on a heart level,
where are you within these categories?
And, before we get to Heart and Math, let’s explore the
question of “What if?”.
“What if,” as in to actually achieve the money, time, and
magic of your wildest dreams.

Chapter 3:
__________________________________
What If?

W

hat if?

What if there is a secret?
What if we are much more like our heroes than we have
ever believed?
What if we all walked around with the ability to impact the
world like Lincoln, Washington, Oprah, Mother Teresa, Nelson
Mandela, Muhammad Ali, Batman, James Bond, Bill Gates,
Warren Buffett, Wonder Woman, Margaret Thatcher, or any
other hero, leader, or influencer, real or fictional; that we have
ever loved or encountered?
What if we could be a force for good and make the world
an even greater place?
What if we have that same power to influence and impact
our friends, families, and ourselves to experience more consistent magic, love, gratitude, growth, contribution, fun, fulfillment, and abundance than we have ever dared to dream?
What if there is a secret to accomplish this?
What if the secret is a bit more complex than wishing and
believing, or merely some motivation or inspiration, but far
more assured to bring you your breakthroughs and dreams?
What if you are more capable, powerful, and important to
this world than you can imagine?
What if you are unaware and blind to how many lies and
false limitations you believe in because they have just quietly
and insidiously seeped into your mind, heart and soul?
What if people who love you and who are beautiful souls,
taught and conditioned you unknowingly, to believe in those

28 SEAN CALLAGY

lies and false limitations that stand between you, your greatest self, your contributions to the world, and your dreams?
What if these lies and false limitations you believe in also
came to you from bullies on the playground, in the classroom,
and on the athletic fields, as well as your favorite TV shows,
movies, songs, and “news” deliverers?
What if these lies you believe also came from betrayals?
What if some of those betrayals were ones we committed
against ourselves? What if you are blind, don’t know it, and
can’t see what you can’t see?
What if you had a path to being “Unblinded” and to having
20/20 Vision?
What if part of you wants to believe, but another part of
you is too afraid and connected to the lies and false limitations
that have been conditioned into you?
What if it would hurt too much to realize that so much
more was always available right there in front of you... hiding
in plain sight?
What if you’re afraid people you love won’t love you if you
are “Unblinded” and can see?
What if you’ve believed and just can’t find a way to do it
again, and you just don’t want to deal with the pain?
What if you have everything you need inside?
What if you just need a map, a formula, and the truth?
What if you can have more money?
What if you can have more time?
What if growing personally, professionally, and financially
are completely predictable and achievable?
What if you can have more magic, passion, fulfillment,
love, adventure, belief, confidence, fire, aspiration, transcendence, fun, bliss, ecstasy, and every other feeling you want?
What if there is a formula that is THE Formula of formulas
to predictably create all of this? What if?

Chapter 4:
__________________________________
Relevant Truth, Masters and Dabblers:
The Choice

The search for truth. Not just any truth, but relevant truth.
This is how our judicial system is often described. It leaves
room for immense debate, glorious victories, horrific defeats,
manipulation, and/or love.
That is a lot. And, it is Relevant Truth.
Frequently, the search for truth that exists is associated
with the system. It is all of science and life. We have even come
to debate science in our modern world. What do we mean by
science? Is it really science?
For our purposes, and we will expound greatly on these
concepts in another work, we will define truth as that which
is objectively provable. It is provable that a bird is a bird, or at
least that we are looking at something that we have come to
agree is named a bird.
It is also provable that you are whoever you are. When you
were born, your parents named you, and if they have not
changed your name, or you have not legally changed your
name, then our culture has decided that is your name.
An example of something that is not provable could be a
statement like “He is good” or “She is mean.” These are very
general statements of beingness that are subjective and not
objectively provable.
Our mastery of distinguishing between the objective and
subjective, as well as possibilities and probabilities, are the
building blocks of the search for relevant truth and heart and
math’s relationship to exponentially rising your money, time,
and magic. through the prism of the Unblinded Formula.

30 SEAN CALLAGY

Mastery knows certain relevant truths. These include:

1. The Master knows that he or she objectively
knows far, far less than there is to ultimately know
about everything.
2. We do not know more than we know, even for areas in which we have our highest degrees of mastery.
3. The Master knows that he or she optimally executes on a tiny fraction of what he or she actually
knows.
4. The Master knows that the difference between
“yes” or “no” in assessing the qualities of mastery
is preposterously less accurate and optimal than a
Scale of Mastery that rises exponentially as you
rise up that scale.
The Master knows many more things, but let’s start here.
The Dabbler does not seek relevant truth. Instead, the Dabbler often stands in falsehood.
The Dabbler believes “I know” when of course the Dabbler does
not know.
The Dabbler believes “I am doing that,” when of course the Dabbler is NOT doing “that.”
A beautiful example of this is my friend, who we will refer to as
Tarzan.
Tarzan had become king of the jungle of a certain area of
healthcare, both in the quality of patient results and in revenue and
profit.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 31

There were two leaders of an ecosystem of his type of healthcare
providers, which we will call “guides” in our metaphorical analogy.
The guides asked “How did you master this jungle?”
Tarzan responded, “It is simple. There are two things. The first is
how I treat the animals,” which were his patients.
The guides responded, “Oh, great customer service! YES, we do
that!”
Tarzan said, “Well, not exactly. There is more to it.”
The guides responded “No, no, no, we know that and do that.”
Tarzan said, “Well enough.”
“What's the second thing?” the guides asked.
Tarzan responded, “It is how I lead my team of natives,” his employees.
The Dabbling guides excitedly answered the Master, Tarzan, “We
do that tooo!!!!” They were so proud, so happy, and so certain in
confirming their certainty.
The Dabbler guides insisted, “We have great management processes.”
Tarzan said, “Well, in mastering leading your teams…”
The Dabbler guides said, “WE DO THAT.”
Tarzan stated, “With the empathy, respect, precision, and directness of a true Master? Well, then, I guess you are getting the same
results that I am in ruling, in you being King of your jungles.
Thank you for our five-minute meeting, and for driving over an
hour to come to my home.”
The Dabbler guides are stunned. “That’s it?!?”, they protest.
“Yes. You know and do the two things. You told me so, emphatically. I have no more value to provide for you.”
The Dabbler guides who earned about one eighteenth of Tarzan,
less than two percent of what Tarzan earned, and had net worths

32 SEAN CALLAGY

of less than one percent of Tarzan’s, left confused, frustrated, and
completely disappointed.
The moral: The Dabbler does not seek relevant truth. The
Dabbler seeks to feel significant, to be right, and to be certain
of both.
Who do you choose to be?
Of course, you will say the Master.
Who, as portrayed in this chapter, would ever want to be
a Dabbler?
The truth, however, is that more than ninety-nine percent
of people are more Dabbler than Master AND we are all Master
and Dabbler at times. The question is, “Which are we most of
the time and where is our Dabbling and lack of behaving masterfully destroying our dreams?”.
For a moment, let’s do a bit of self-assessment.

1. Which are you committed to most overall?
2. In what areas do you show up most as a Master?
3. In what areas do you show up most as a Dabbler?
Let’s focus on:
Marketing
Selling
Leading
Managing
Recruiting
Finance
Health
Fitness

Chapter 5:
__________________________________
Heart And Math: The Perfect Marriage That
Almost Never Happens

M

astery is a simultaneous heart and math game of in-

creasing flow and decreasing leakage in the Formula. It is controlling our money, time, and magic.
No heart or math, and nothing happens sustainably.
“Do you believe in miracles…Yes!!!” Al Michael exclaims in
the final five seconds of the United States’ victory over the Soviet Union in the 1980 Olympics, the greatest sports upset in
the history of organized sports.
Heart and Math were present.
“We swore, blood brothers against the wind. Now, I’m
ready to grow young again.” Bruce Springsteen sang in his
song No Surrender from the 1984 album Born in the USA.
It is 1986 in the woods behind the Vilano school in Emerson, New Jersey.
My high school football teammates and I, inspired by No
Surrender, are literally becoming blood brothers.
A pocket knife, bandanas, and sharing blood.
We, much like the Miracle On Ice team, have come together for a common purpose, driven by heart and actualized
through math.
Our purpose: win the League and State Championship,
honor our town, and carry on the legacy of the Emerson Cavos,
the red, white, and black which we bleed together.
One of the great challenges that exists in professional development, the corporate world of big business, law, accounting, and finance, is the absence of heart.

34 SEAN CALLAGY

A challenge that exists in the world of personal development is the absence of math.
Both are incomplete journeys to the mastery of money,
time, and magic.
What do we mean by heart and math?
Heart is the driving force, the fuel of our mission, our vision, and our purpose. It shapes and informs our Why and it
keeps us fueled toward that Why. It is something larger than
ourselves and it is ourselves at the same time.
Without heart, no leader, and no team, no person can sustainably achieve anything.
The heart bonds. The heart creates and maintains affinity,
love, connection, and the binding agents of all movements,
from the individual journey of faith, weight loss, financial success, or anything to the group dynamics of building something,
whether it is in athletics, politics, philanthropy, or success of
any kind with a group.
When heart is absent, things become purely transactional.
Exponentiality and longevity are lost, or at least heavily
leaking without heart.
On the other hand, the absence of math means that the
journey is leaking guidance, direction, growth, measurement,
and all of the rest of the necessary counterparts to succeed.
No heart, no stepping into the weight room. No math,
strength does not improve.
Leakage in either one and the team is substantially off.
It is the same for marketing, selling, managing, leading, recruiting, fundraising, for profit, or not for profit.
Our work is driven by heart through math.
The coming chapters will describe what math.
Process Mastery calls for math.
The Seven Levers are the math, driven by the heart of fun
and magic.
Exponential reality, leakage, everything that we're

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 35

teaching is about a simultaneous heart and math game. When
you have things leaking out, at any level, you lose massive
traction toward exponential reality. An incredibly powerful
example of that can be seen in a business or individual’s
money, and this also reigns true in our marketing, selling,
identity and all things we can rise in.
I was recently at the Tony Robbins Platinum Financial
Trip. Tony did an exercise where he taught about the power of
compounding and doubling one dollar to get to one million
dollars. He doubled the dollar eighteen times and eventually
got to one million. Then, he asked the question of “What if you
took 33% out at each doubling?”.
I am 99% sure, if I'm remembering correctly, it was the
unfathomable number of 28,000, just by taking out a third at
each level. The whole point of our work together and the decreasing leakage piece of everything we're doing, is to realize
that the difference in our marketing, our compounding, our
salesmen, each of these seven levers that we're going to be exploring and evaluating, that the output at the end could be the
difference between 20,000 and a million dollars. It could be
the difference between 100,000 and 5 million dollars.
It doesn't feel that way, because our brains are not designed to think in exponential reality. We function in a very
linear way of thinking. As a result, we think that as our day
passes, if we don't have a shared experience platform, if we
don't have our own speaking platform, it's not a big deal, when
in actuality, it’s the difference between thousands, millions,
10s of millions, and maybe even more dollars and units of impact. It is an incalculable and exponential difference.
Realize that there is a massive hole in the piping. If you
turn on the faucet and it just drips water, do you think your
faucet is working appropriately? I don't think so. This is the
result of a leakage and a missing pipe. As a result, water drips
instead of water flowing. It's not emotional. It's not a big deal.

36 SEAN CALLAGY

It's just that the pipes don't work.
If the Seven Levers of Marketing and Sales Process Mastery are off, and the piping is all clogged at some level, the
question at first is whether or not you have all the pipes in
place. Then we can talk about how clogged the pipes are or are
not.
In summary, heart and math is foundational. Miss either
one and you will have massive, or even complete leakage.
Now, let’s begin to expand on heart and math.
It’s time for another self-assessment.
What is the meaning of “heart and math”?
Where might there be leakage?
Where might you be missing pipes?
What would making the changes in your business’ piping cause
for you?
What actions can you take today, this week, this month, and this
year in order to optimize your heart and math game of increasing
flow and decreasing leakage?

Chapter 6:
__________________________________
A Formula? No, “The Formula” To See What You
Don’t See To Exponentially Grow Your Money,
Time, And Magic

T

his book is written and this Formula was created in

service of your dreams, breakthroughs, and crushing your fear
and distortion - whatever they may be. It is written in and with
love, from my heart and soul.
I have spent almost fifty years and millions of dollars acquiring, discovering, and developing this access to more
money, more time, and more magic and fulfillment.
I boldly, and with certainty, assert that few people on
Earth have ever more consistently and more deeply explored
the question of why people do and do not get what they “truly”
want for themselves and for those that they love.
This is written in a way to maximize the likelihood that
you will learn, accept, and act upon the Unblinded Results Formula as the mechanism to achieve any outcomes and dreams
you are committed to co-creating for those closest to you, the
world, and yourself. My experience has been that giving personal context for the progression, as well as glimpses into external examples, supports you in seeing the extraordinary and
remarkable value of what we are discussing. Said differently,
we learn at least in part through stories and examples.
As Bruce Springsteen, one of the greatest storytellers and
influencers of our generation says: “It all begins with the
setup.” When we discuss the Formula, you will have some context for a series of new, and potentially somewhat foreign
words and concepts.

38 SEAN CALLAGY

“Why?
How will he live?
How will he ever have, let alone support, a family?
These were the questions my beautiful, loving, and terrified
mom asked herself, in 1975, at the age of 27. She had just
learned that I, then just her five-year-old little boy, would go
blind.
My mom had watched her father, a proud, powerful, smart,
and loving man suffer in so many ways. Pop, as I called him,
hid his blindness as much as he could. It was never discussed.
It made him scared, angry, and desperate.
My grandfather became so desperate to cure himself that he
started experimenting on himself. Pop started taking 100,000
milligrams of Vitamin A per day, amongst other things. He
eventually had a stroke at the age of 50 and nearly died. He
fought back.
He always fought.
He was my idol as a child, and certainly still is one for me to
this day. And, my mom was terrified that his life of pain was
my future.
What if, however, my mom, with all of her love and perfect vision, was actually the one who was blind?”
*****
We are all blind. We are blind to our capabilities in different areas. We are blind to the fact that we have every tool and
resource around us to achieve our dreams.
When I say dreams, you might not be able to be President,
be with one specific person, or make a billion dollars tomorrow. But you can contribute massively and feel like being President would make you feel.
You can also increase your odds of being President by
100,000 percent if that is your desired outcome.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 39

You can find an incredible relationship with an incredible
person, and maintain it, because people do, who follow the
Formula.
You can also, eventually, become a billionaire.
It is all learning, then execution, then mastery.
You can double your income this year. You can 10x your
relationship capital this year, preparing yourself for exponential growth in the years to come.
Let’s go on the journey of where it all began together.

LET’S START WITH THESE QUESTIONS:
1. What are your dreams?
2. What are your greatest obstacles to achieving them?
3. What will it cost you, and how will you feel if you never
overcome these obstacles and never achieve your
dreams for your family, the world, and yourself?
Are these questions that you even ask yourself? If so, how
often?
With those questions in play, what, if any, is your current
formula to give yourself the greatest likelihood of achieving
your dreams?
Said differently, what is the specific bridge between where
you are and where you desire to be in every area of your life?
How do you relate to learning, growth, mastery, and
change?
The objective of these questions is to support your access
to exponential growth to higher and higher levels of mastery
at the micro-distinction level.
Your time is valuable, so, let us begin…
The Unblinded Results Formula is THE formula of formulas to help you select and achieve everything that you truly
want and need in your life (i.e., more money, more time, and
more magic). Yes, magic!

40 SEAN CALLAGY

I have studied personal development for over 25 years
and synthesized and innovated on this Formula for more than
two decades that you can utilize to create your breakthroughs
and dreams and crush fear and distortion.
The Formula breaks into two basic parts:
1. Deciding what the outcome is.
2. Applying the three components of the Formula – Process Mastery, Influence Mastery, and Self-mastery – for
what the outcome is.
PART 1 OF THE UNBLINDED RESULTS FORMULA:
HOW DO WE DECIDE WHAT WE WANT?
There are two things that decide what we want:
1. What is our driving emotional “Why?”
2. What is our legacy?
OUR DRIVING WHY:
Our Why is the emotional fuel that drives our actions. The
emotionally deeper our Why becomes, the more powerful a
driving force it becomes.
If your WHY doesn’t make you cry or at least bring you close
to tears and/or send shivers through your body and/or make
the hair on the back of your neck stand up, then you need to
continue to ask Why? Why? Why? until you reach that point
and that depth.
EXERCISE 1: What Is Your Deep Emotional Why?
OUR LEGACY
Our legacy is the byproduct of living consistently with and
driving toward our Why.
Process Mastery is our How in the context of our Why and the
legacy we chose, as well as the outcomes that we are pursuing.
Our Why provides fuel for everything and is connected to our

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 41

ultimate legacy. Our legacy is what we want our life to represent from today to our last day on Earth and beyond. Using the
context of our Why and the vision of our legacy, we decide
what the priority of our outcomes are. Then we apply the Formula to achieve and innovate these outcomes in a closed-loop
system that involves the Formula, our Why, and our legacy vision.
Like our Why, if your legacy doesn’t make you cry, or at least
send shivers through your body, then you need to continue to
ask deeper questions such as “what does your legacy actually
mean to you?” Why? Why? Why? Keep asking until you reach
that point.
EXERCISE 2: What Legacy Are You Committed To Creating?
THE SCALE OF MASTERY:
The Scale Mastery is a system by which you can rate yourself
on a scale of 1 to 10, but realizing that the closer you get to 10,
it’s the smallest distinctions that make your growth exponential.
What are some areas in your life, outside of Influence, Process,
and Self-Mastery, that you are trying to improve upon? Rate
yourself in those areas using the 1-10 scale.
SET YOUR OUTCOMES:
EXERCISE 3: Set Your Outcomes.
Write down three (3) specific, written, and numerical outcomes you want to achieve in 30, 60, and 90 days.
Outcome 1:
Outcome 2:
Outcome 3:

42 SEAN CALLAGY

PART 2 of the Unblinded Results Formula:
Applying The Three Part Formula For What We Want:
It starts with the premise that all outcomes are produced
through the masterful use of three components:
• Process Mastery
• Influence Mastery
• Self Mastery
Failure to achieve an outcome can always be diagnosed by determining which of these three components – and potentially
all of them – were applied sub-optimally.
What are the definitions of each component?
Process Mastery is what you do.
Integrity Based Influence is how to go from “hello to yes” with
people in the context of what you do (i.e., Process Mastery).
Self Mastery is being consistently in zone action, which is the
most efficient action step you can take utilizing your Process
and Influence Mastery.
The depth and breadth of the implications of the Unblinded
Formula cannot be overstated. Simply put, it applies to everything.
SECTION 2:
WHAT IS UNBLINDED INFLUENCE MASTERY?
It was November 1996, and I had started my “dream job.” My
law school “formula” resulted in being one of five people hired
out of 3,000 applicants.
I had turned down 20 other job offers.
Two months ago, I felt on top of the world.
My frame of reference for success as an attorney was the character Mitch McDeere, who would be later played by Tom
Cruise, in John Grisham’s best-selling novel, The Firm. Mitch
outworked and out-billed everyone.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 43

I rented an apartment in the same complex as my “Firm.” I
turned on the lights every day for the first three months at my
300-employee employer.
The irony of my selection, however, was that Mitch found no
success at all. The movie was about him fleeing “The Firm” for
his life.
Is there such a thing as double irony?!
I thought I was winning.
I was awakened, but not Unblinded, about three months into
my tenure and adult working life.
I no longer thought “I won.” In fact, I was in shock. Now, I felt
lost, no longer seeing my future in the firm or in anyone in it.
Several factors led to this:
1. I had not received one word of acknowledgment for
working 90 hours per week, and for an incredible win
that I pulled off (which my boss took credit for).
2. Most partners, except for very few, seemed very unhappy too.
3. One of the partners I worked for offered me to be his
right-hand man when my mentor – who had been this
boss’ apprentice for 8 years – was in a hospital recovering and working after surgery.
Each day, around 5 pm, five or so associates would come in to
complain about the partners they worked for and the firm
overall.
This day, I would ask a question, the question, that changed
my life: “Why is it that so many attorneys seem unhappy and
stressed in the firm, and those two relatively young partners
look so tan, happy and relaxed?”.
One of my colleagues answered: “because they bring in the
business.”
It took a moment to process what I had just heard: selling, for
lawyers, equals more money, more free time, and more magic

44 SEAN CALLAGY

and fulfillment (the tans).
I wanted to throw my chair through my 9th story office window.
This was the second fraud law school had committed through
a glaring omission! I never heard a single word about being a
business generator in law school. Not a single implicit reference was made to such a thing.
So, not only had they neglected to mention the brutal job market, but now I am learning that even though I won the game of
law school and landed a great job, I was completely unprepared to win the game of winning in my legal career.
AND, where would I go to learn how to do something as filthy,
dirty, disgusting, and manipulative as selling!!!!??? AND, I’m
$100,000 in debt.
Now what?!
My choice seemed clear: quit and do what I love, coaching high
school football and baseball.
While I now know the secret to law, and I would soon learn
ALL business success was integrity-based selling, I was about
to see something else critical that I had not seen.
Little did I know that I was about to become Unblinded to the
power of integrity-based selling as the trajectory of my life,
and outcomes would exponentially change over the next two
years.
What Lightning is Known to Represent:
• A loss of ignorance
• Sudden illumination
• Power from a higher being
• Relation to Zeus and Thor
• A weapon used to strike down enemies
• A symbol of intuition
• Power in general

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 45

• Mysterious
• Destruction
• A symbol of energy
• Structured but being out of control
• Inspires creativity
Correlation:
For centuries, no one knew where lightning came from. It was
a complete mystery but was always there. Some might even
call it “magic.”
My successes and influencing capabilities have always seemed
like “magic” to everyone, but in all reality, it was a structured
formula that, if followed, leads you to seem “magical,” when in
actuality, you are following a formula that was always present
but not actually discovered. Lightning also brings a sense of
shock, surprise, and disrupting the status quo. We are striking
down ineffective, deceiving, non-influential communication
with that of integrity-filled, “in service of” communication.
Launching the Unblinded platform is lightning striking the
world of personal development, networking, sales, and education.
Challenge: In a capitalist structure, people want to make more
money in less time with more magic in their life. The question
is how to do so in a predictable, consistent, fun, exciting, and
magical way.
Unblinded Mastery solves this problem.
Unblinded Mastery utilizes the formula of formulas to create
your exponential acceleration in your money, time, and magic.
If you are not achieving your desired results and outcomes in
business, it is because you are suboptimal in one of the two
parts of the Formula, deciding what you want (Your Why, your
legacy) and/or how to get it (Process Mastery, Influence Mastery, or Self Mastery). Your understanding and mastery of the

46 SEAN CALLAGY

Formula, as it unblinds you, will result in virtually limitless potential growth and scaling of your sales and business.
Now, let’s begin to look at each of the three pillars of the Unblinded Formula…beginning with your superpower.

Chapter 7:
__________________________________
Influence Mastery

I

nfluence Mastery: How Do You Go From “Hello” to “Yes”

With Integrity?
Nothing has ever been created between two humans without a “yes.”
Thus, our ability to cause “yes,” with integrity, in a world
where everyone wants to say “no” is incomprehensibly indispensable.
The masterful creation of “yes” looks like magic, but is actually an advanced science.
Everything begins after “yes.”
Before we dive in, let's take a moment to appreciate the
limitless potential of influence. Unlike other goals and
achievements, influence has no upper bounds. It is an infinite
resource that has shaped the lives and legacies of the world's
greatest leaders, such as Oprah Winfrey, Tony Robbins, Dr.
Martin Luther King Jr., and Jesus Christ.
These influential figures have one thing in common: they
wielded their influence with integrity. And so, in our journey
together, we'll explore how to harness the power of influence
in a way that's transparent, heart-centered, and focused on
creating a lasting, positive impact on others.
Our Integrity Based Human Influence model has four
steps, 12 indispensable elements, and four energies. Let's
begin by exploring the four steps in order.
Step 1: Building Emotional Rapport: The foundation of influence is connecting with others on a deep, emotional level. This

48 SEAN CALLAGY

is where we forge meaningful relationships that serve as the
bedrock for our influence. Remember, people are drawn to
those who make them feel seen, heard, and understood.
Step 2: Truth to Pain and Yes Strategy: Every individual has
pain points – unmet needs, desires, or challenges. In this step,
we explore the truth and those pain points and create strategies that address them in a way that empowers others to say
"yes" to our ideas and initiatives.
Step 3: Creating and Conveying Your Heroic Unique Identity:
Each of us has a unique story to tell, and it's essential to share
that story authentically. By doing so, we create a heroic identity that others are drawn to, making our influence even more
impactful.
Step 4: Agreement Formation: The final step in our journey
within the four steps is forming agreements with others, built
on trust and mutual benefit. This is where our influence truly
shines, allowing us to create lasting, positive change.
The four steps, however, are robotic and meaningless
without two other vital components of Integrity Based Human
Influence.
Accordingly, the second piece is the 12 Indispensable Elements that are flowing through your optimal use of the four
steps.
Now, let's explore the 12 Indispensable Elements of Influence
Mastery. Use the acronym S.M.A.L.L.E.R. Q.V.C.C.C. to remember these elements, which should be present throughout the
four steps:
Integrous Scarcity: Value is often derived from scarcity. Emphasize the unique, limited nature of your offerings to encourage others to take action.
Matching & Mirroring: Connect with others by reflecting their
verbal and nonverbal cues, creating a sense of rapport and
trust.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 49

Acknowledgement: Recognize and appreciate the thoughts,
feelings, and actions of others. It should be deep and authentic
and show the other person that you see them, you hear them,
and what they say matters to you. Make sure that the acknowledgement is received.
Level 5 Transformational Listening: Truly listen to others, not
just to respond, but to understand their perspective and emotions.
Unconditional Love With Boundaries for All People: Approach
everyone with love and compassion, while also maintaining
healthy boundaries. Everything a person does is an act of love
or a cry for help.
Emotional and Energetic Transference: Share your positive
emotions and energy with others, creating a contagious atmosphere of enthusiasm and motivation. The energy is then
received and transfused into the other person.
Reciprocity: Create a sense of mutual giving and receiving,
where both parties benefit from the relationship.
Question Mastery (Power of Questions): Ask thoughtful, openended questions that encourage others to share their experiences and insights.
Validation: Affirm the emotions, experiences, and perspectives of others, creating an environment of trust and safety.
Congruence: Ensure your words, actions, and intentions align,
demonstrating authenticity and reliability.
Context: Frame situations and information in a way that highlights the value and relevance to others.
Contrast: Highlight the differences between options, emphasizing the benefits and desirability of your preferred choice.
Now that we've covered the Four Steps and 12 Indispensable
Elements, let's delve into the Four Energies of Integrity Based
Human Influence. These energies should be varied and displayed throughout your interactions with others:
Fun: Bring a sense of playfulness and humor to your

50 SEAN CALLAGY

interactions. This energy lightens the atmosphere and makes
people feel at ease in your presence. Fun is exciting and energized, true and truth revealing. Fun Energy can have the element of surprise or unexpectedness. Fun energy is certain.
Aspirational: Inspire others by sharing your vision and passion. This energy motivates people to strive for greatness and
join you on your journey. Aspirational Energy has future vision and takes someone with you to that higher place.
Goddess: Embody warmth, nurturing, and empathy. This energy creates a safe space for others to open up and connect
with you on a deeper level. It is flowing and light, loving and
heart centered.
Zeus: Display confidence, decisiveness, certainty and strength.
This energy commands respect and trust, demonstrating your
ability to lead and make tough decisions.
Now that we've explored the foundations of Influence
Mastery, let's dive deeper into the heart and math of this powerful skill set.
Remember, the true measure of Influence Mastery lies not
in the number of followers or accolades we accumulate, but in
the positive impact we create in the lives of others. By committing to the principles of Integrity Based Human Influence,
you are choosing to be a force for good in the world, empowering those around you to achieve greatness and leaving a lasting, beautiful legacy.
In future books that have Influence Mastery as the primary focal point, we'll delve into each of the Four Steps, 12
Indispensable Elements, and Four Energies in greater detail.
We'll provide real-life examples of influential leaders who
have embodied these principles, as well as practical exercises
and strategies for you to apply in your own journey toward
Influence Mastery.
As we embark on this transformative journey together,

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 51

remember that the power to influence is within you. Embrace
it with a heart-centered approach, unwavering integrity, and
a commitment to creating a positive impact in the world. With
these principles as your guide, there's no limit to the influence
you can achieve and the legacy you can leave behind.
Together, let's create a world where influence is a force for
good, and where each of us can rise to our fullest potential,
empowered by the infinite superpower of Integrity Based Human Influence.

Chapter 8:
__________________________________
Self Mastery

A

t Unblinded, we define Self Mastery as the ability to

stay in Zone Action consistently. Self Mastery is a daily hello
to yes with yourself. This book will guide you through the 10
essential components of Self Mastery in a heart-centered, direct, and simple way.
What Is Your Why?
Your journey to Self Mastery begins with identifying your
"Why." Your "Why" is the driving force behind your actions,
the reason you strive for greatness. When you connect with
your "Why," you find the motivation and passion to push
through obstacles and remain focused on your goals. Reflect
on your life's purpose, your passions, and what truly matters
to you. Write down your "Why" in a clear and concise statement, and keep it close to your heart as you progress through
this journey.
Using Your Physiology:
Your physical state has a profound impact on your mindset and emotions. To achieve Self Mastery, you must learn to
use your physiology to your advantage. Adopt a posture of
confidence, breathe deeply, and engage in regular exercise to
maintain optimal energy levels. Practice mindfulness techniques such as meditation, yoga, or deep breathing exercises
to help you stay present and focused.

54 SEAN CALLAGY

What Is Your Focus?
The direction of your focus determines the quality of your
life. To master yourself, you must learn to direct your focus
toward the things that matter most to you. Create a daily routine that prioritizes your goals and removes distractions. Cultivate a growth mindset by continuously seeking
opportunities for learning, growth, and self-improvement.
What Meaning Are You Giving to Things?
The meaning you assign to events and experiences shapes
your reality. Your interpretation of situations can either empower or disempower you. Choose to assign meanings that
support your growth and foster a positive outlook on life.
Challenge yourself to see setbacks as opportunities for growth
and consider how even challenging circumstances can ultimately serve you in the long run.
Limiting/Empowering Beliefs:
Your beliefs shape your thoughts, emotions, and actions.
Identify and confront any limiting beliefs that may be holding
you back, and replace them with empowering beliefs that
align with your goals and aspirations. Practice affirmations,
visualization, and other tools to help you instill new, supportive beliefs.
How Are You Using Music to Shift Your Energy?
Music has the power to influence your mood, motivation,
and overall well-being. Harness this power by creating
playlists that evoke the emotions you need to stay in Zone Action. Use music strategically to uplift, energize, or soothe yourself as needed throughout your journey to Self Mastery.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 55

What Content Are You Consuming Regularly?
The information you consume shapes your thoughts, beliefs, and actions. Be intentional with the content you consume, ensuring that it supports your growth, inspires you, and
aligns with your values. Surround yourself with books, podcasts, videos, and other materials that help you develop the
skills and mindset needed for Self Mastery.
The 6 Human Needs, Values, & Rules:
Understanding and fulfilling your six human needs—certainty, variety, significance, connection and love, growth, and
contribution—is crucial for achieving Self Mastery. Assess
how well your current lifestyle meets these needs and identify
areas where you can make improvements. Additionally, clarify your personal values and establish rules for living in alignment with those values. By honoring your needs, values, and
rules, you create a strong foundation for lasting Self Mastery.
Tony Robbins teaches that the need for significance and the
need for certainty should be the last two needs in the hierarchy of these six human needs. An entire book could be written
just on the optimal hierarchy of these needs. We will explore
this more deeply in future books with a primary focus on Self
Mastery.
What Is Your Diet?
The food you eat has a direct impact on your physical and
mental well-being. A balanced, nutritious diet is essential for
sustaining the energy and focus required for Self Mastery. Pay
attention to how different foods affect your body and mind,
and make conscious choices that support your overall health
and well-being. Additionally, consider incorporating supplements, vitamins, and other health-boosting practices as

56 SEAN CALLAGY

needed to optimize your overall wellness.
How Are You Journaling and Using "ECD" Time (Executive,
Creation, and Decision-Making Time)?
Journaling is a powerful tool for self-reflection, goal setting, and tracking your progress toward Self Mastery. Develop
a daily journaling practice that encourages you to explore
your thoughts, emotions, and experiences. Use the journal to
celebrate your wins, learn from your challenges, and set intentions for future growth.
ECD Time, or Executive, Creation and Decision-Making
Time, is dedicated to reflecting on your priorities and making
critical decisions that support your journey to Self Mastery.
Schedule regular ECD Time to assess your progress, adjust
your strategies, and ensure that your actions are aligned with
your goals and values. ECD time is an excellent time to check
in on where you are in your rating on Process, Influence and
Self Mastery, and especially on how you rate yourself within
the 7 Levers of Marketing and Sales Process Mastery.
We have added an ECD Time Worksheet for you to follow below.
Unblinded Executive Creation and Decision Making
(“ECD”) Time Self-Awareness Questionnaire:
1. What non-fiction people are you most currently like?
Why?

2. What fictional people are you most currently like?
Why?

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 57

3. Remembering every hero went through a journey
where they believed they were less, and then discovered how much more they were, what non-fiction people are you committed to modeling? List at least three
and why.
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
4. What fictional people are you most committed to modeling? List at least three and why.
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
5. Who are you? You are who you decide to be, not what
anyone else tells you or what your fear or lower vibrational emotions lie and say to you. From the place of
your greatest power, self-love, strength, heart, certainty, and remembering moments of your life that
best represent all of those positive vibrational feelings,
who are you at your greatest?
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
6. What is your life legacy? You have the privilege of
knowing it is your last day on Earth. You are blessed to
have two people with you at your bedside, maybe you
are super blessed and have five…what will be the stories that they and others tell about you?
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________

58 SEAN CALLAGY

7. What is your Why? Go five levels deep.
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________

a. Why do you want that?
_____________________________________________________________
b. Why do you want that?
_____________________________________________________________
c. Why do you want that?
_____________________________________________________________
d. Why do you want that?
_____________________________________________________________
e. Why do you want that?
_____________________________________________________________
For each question ask yourself: what your one, two, or three
simplest distinctions are to rise in your mastery.
What number would that put you at by the end of this year?
____________________
Ask yourself that in every question.
What number is your outcome by the end of the first quarter?
____________________

Ask yourself that in every question.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 59

When you see an * use the Scale of Mastery (below) to measure your mastery.
*Scale of Mastery (use this scale to measure where you
are)
1. You are intensely disgusted.
2. You are disgusted.
3. You are frustrated intensely.
4. You are frustrated.
5. You are very disappointed.
6. You feel okay about it.
7. You feel good about it.
8. You feel very good about it.
9. You feel great about it.
9.5 You feel especially great about it.
9.9 You are incredibly thankful and proud.
9.99 You feel truly uniquely blessed, and sometimes can't
even believe it because you feel so absolutely amazing.
9.999 You almost weep from the overwhelming gratitude
you have to your higher power, AND you know that
you are in such an incredibly unique level of satisfaction that if you meet ten thousand people, you probably will not meet one person who feels this thankful,
strong, proud and loving about this.
8. People are
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Money is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________

60 SEAN CALLAGY

Selling is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
I am
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Learning is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Time is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Fun is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Magic is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Shared experiences are
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 61

Assembling an audience of my ideal avatar is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Influence is
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
Numbers are
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
9. What is your current income level annually?
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how does that satisfy you? *
__________________
10. On a mastery scale of 1- 10 - how do you feel about
your Time? * __________
11. On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how do you feel about
your Magic? * __________
12. On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how do you feel about
your Influence Mastery? * ____________
13. How are you with the Four Energies on a mastery
scale of 1 - 10? * : _________
a. Fun? ____
b. Aspirational? ___

62 SEAN CALLAGY

c. Goddess? ___
d. Zeus?___
14. On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how do you feel about
your mastery of the 12 Indispensable Elements*:
a. Integrous Scarcity? (Remind yourself: everyone is a
deer, with a default NO) ____
b. Matching and Mirroring? (Starting with uncertainty and
match plus with high knowingness, disrespect, or condescension?) ____
c. Acknowledgement? ("I see you; I hear you and what you
say matters to me." Oprah) ____
d. Loving People Unconditionally With Boundaries, including yourself? ____
e. Level 5 Transformational Listening? ____
f. Emotional and Energetic Transference? ____
g. Reciprocity invocation? (Politeness, listening, respect,
deference, gifts, acts of service, words of affirmation,
quality time, contributions and donations, shared experiences, and more, including introductions.) ____
h. Question Mastery (Power of Questions)? (Open and
closed, tone, listening, and all elements) ____
i. Validation? (Your feelings are understandable…doesn't
mean you agree they are right…example: with their
story, "yes, it is understandable you feel that way.") ____
j. Congruence? (Alignment of words, vocal qualities, and
body language.) ____

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 63

k. Context? (Are you setting, resetting and re, re, re, re, resetting context…is context always present, at all times to
understand what context the other person or people are
in?) ____
l. Contrast? (What this is not, to reset context optimally.)
____
15. Four steps:
a. Emotional Rapport? ____
b. Pain And Yes Strategy? (How deep do you go in integrity
and with emotional rapport maintained?) ____
c. Heroic Unique Identity (HUI)? (Congruently unique so
people are curious…speaking into the listening) ____
d. Agreement Formation? (Next yes – follow-up processes,
certainty on money and value) ____
16. On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how do you feel about
your Process Mastery?* (Process is the "What You Do
Map" to achieve your outcomes – Modeling, Time
Blocking, Maximization Through Measuring And Monitoring, and Innovation And Optimization: vertical v.
horizontal)*:
a. Modeling? ____
b. Time Blocking? ____
c. Maximization Through Measuring And Monitoring with
the appropriate management? ____
d. Innovation And Optimization, making relationships between vertical and horizontal? ____

64 SEAN CALLAGY

17. On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how do you feel about
your mastery of the 7 Levers of Marketing and Sales
Process Mastery?*
a. Where am I currently on Ecosystem Merging?* (How
many functioning ecosystem mergers?) ___ Q1____ this
year. We are actively running events with dates and
times to be an ecosystem merger, including teammates,
employees, and recruiting. The quality of my ecosystem
mergers for their intended purposes:
(HUI rise, relationship capital access, relationship capital
monetization, ideal avatar joint leveraging)
b. Speaking? (how often, your platform, other places,
shared experiences) ____
c. Sales Meetings? (how many per week _____ and month
______?)
d. Sales? ____
e. Disposable Income? (Income after all bills are paid, both
business and personal.) ____
f. Contributions? ____
g. Fun and Magic? ____
18. On a mastery scale of 1 - 10 how do you feel about
your Self Mastery?*:
a. Your relationship with fear of rejection? (Judgment, misportrayal, need for the approval of others, angering others, being laughed at or mocked, being judged or belittled) ____
b. Fear of failure? (Wasting money, time, and energy) ____

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 65

c. How consistently are you in Zone Action? (Most efficient
action step you can take at any time in every way) ____
d. Focus? ____
e. Proximity to uplifting, inspiring, and empowering people? ____
f. Meaning? ____
g. Limiting/Empowering Beliefs? (What is the balance of
your limiting versus empowering beliefs?) ____
h. Music? ____
i. Content? (Content you are consuming) ____
j. Six Human Needs? (1. Growth 2. Contribution 3. Connection/Love 4. Uncertainty/Variety 5. Certainty 6. Significance) ____
k. Values and Rules? (I know my values and rules, what I
move toward and away from, and the rules for them.)
____
l. Diet? ____
m. Journaling?____
Congratulations on your new updated level of self-awareness. Masterful job!
Adding to our Self Mastery journey, it's essential to be
aware of the "7 Destroyers" that can hinder your progress. By
understanding these obstacles and actively working to overcome them, you'll be better equipped to stay on the path toward Self Mastery.

66 SEAN CALLAGY

The 7 Destroyers of Self Mastery:
1. Not Using Drugs (Engaging in Your Physiology)
By "drugs," we mean the natural, feel-good chemicals that
your body produces, such as dopamine, serotonin, oxytocin,
and endorphins. To maintain optimal mental and emotional
states, it's crucial to engage in activities that stimulate the production of these chemicals. Exercise, meditation, deep breathing, laughter, and positive social interactions are just a few
ways to encourage the release of these "drugs," helping you
stay in Zone Action.
2. Not Having a Strong Enough, Conditioned-In Why
A powerful "Why" is the foundation of Self Mastery. If your
"Why" is not strong enough or not ingrained in your daily life,
it can be challenging to maintain motivation and focus. Continuously remind yourself of your "Why" and make it a central
part of your thoughts, actions, and decisions. Keep your "Why"
at the forefront of your mind and use it as a driving force to
propel you toward Self Mastery.
3. Not Choosing Your Heroic Unique Identities in All
Ways Relevant to Driving Your Business Forward
Your identity plays a significant role in shaping your
thoughts, beliefs, and actions. To achieve Self Mastery, it's vital
to choose empowering, heroic identities that align with your
goals and values in every aspect of your business. Reflect on
who you are and who you want to be in each part of your business, and actively embody those identities to drive your business forward.
4. Not Choosing Relevant Limiting and Empowering Beliefs
As mentioned earlier, your beliefs have a significant

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 67

impact on your life. Failing to identify and replace limiting beliefs with empowering ones can impede your progress toward
Self Mastery. Continuously reassess your belief system and
ensure that it aligns with your goals, values, and aspirations.
Be proactive in cultivating empowering beliefs that support
your journey.
5. Not Being Able to Identify Fear of Rejection
Fear of rejection is a common obstacle that can hinder
your progress toward Self Mastery. It's essential to recognize
when this fear is holding you back and develop strategies for
overcoming it. Remember, rejection is a natural part of life and
can provide valuable learning opportunities. Embrace the
possibility of rejection and let it fuel your growth rather than
limiting your potential.
6. Not Being Able to Identify Fear of Failure
Similar to the fear of rejection, fear of failure can also sabotage your journey to Self Mastery. Learn to recognize when
this fear is preventing you from taking action, and reframe
your mindset around failure. Understand that failure is an inevitable part of growth and success, and use it as a stepping
stone toward achieving your goals.
7. Not Being Certain on Zone Action Due to Chunking Issues
"Chunking" refers to the process of breaking down complex tasks into smaller, more manageable steps. When you're
uncertain about how to take action or what steps to take, it can
be challenging to stay in Zone Action. Develop the skill of
chunking to break down your goals and tasks into actionable
steps, ensuring that you always know what to do next and can
maintain your momentum toward Self Mastery.
By understanding and addressing the 7 Destroyers, you'll

68 SEAN CALLAGY

be better equipped to overcome obstacles and stay on the path
toward Self Mastery. With a heart-centered approach, dedication, and the right tools, you can achieve lasting success and
positively influence the world around you.
Conclusion:
The journey to Self Mastery is an ongoing process of selfdiscovery, growth, and transformation. By following these ten
steps and embracing a heart-centered approach, you'll develop the skills, habits, and mindset needed to stay in Zone Action and achieve lasting success. Remember, Self Mastery is a
daily commitment to saying "yes" to yourself and your
dreams.
In future immersions we will discuss principles of Self
Mastery in your life, and you'll experience the powerful impact of living in alignment with your purpose and values. We
at Unblinded are here to support you on your journey, and we
look forward to celebrating your successes and growth as you
master yourself and positively influence the world around
you.
From my heart to yours, welcome to the Unblinded family
and the incredible journey toward Self Mastery.

Chapter 9:
__________________________________
Process Mastery

T

his chapter will explore the pillar of Process Mastery,

which consists of four crucial components: Modeling, Time
Blocking, Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring,
and finally, Innovation and Optimization.
1. Modeling
I am honored to guide you through the Unblinded Results
Formula, a heart-centered and math-based approach to Integrity Based Human Influence. Together, we will explore the
first of four critical steps: Modeling.
Modeling: A Pathway to Excellence:
The first step in achieving Process Mastery is to model excellence. We begin by identifying individuals or even fictional
characters who embody the characteristics, values, and beliefs
we wish to emulate. This journey is not about replicating
someone else's life or success, but rather, it's about adopting
their best attributes to empower our own growth.
For example, we can learn from Batman's dedication to
justice and his unwavering commitment to his mission, despite facing adversity. Or we can draw inspiration from Bruce
Springsteen's work ethic and his ability to connect with audiences through authentic storytelling.
Remember, our aim is to harness both the "heart" and the
"math" of Process Mastery. To do this, we must first open our
hearts to the possibility of personal transformation and then
develop the mathematical framework to bring it to life.

70 SEAN CALLAGY

Choosing Your Role Models
When selecting role models, remember that no one is perfect. It's important to recognize that you can appreciate and
learn from certain aspects of a person or character without
necessarily endorsing everything they stand for. Be discerning
and select the qualities that resonate most with you and your
goals.
For instance, you might admire Muhammad Ali for his unshakable self-confidence and ability to stand up for his beliefs,
or Coach Herb Brooks for his leadership and ability to inspire
a diverse group of individuals to come together as a cohesive
unit.
Consider Modeling different individuals for various areas
of your life. You may admire one person for their business acumen, such as Oprah Winfrey, who built a media empire
through perseverance, vision, and a commitment to empowering others. Or you might be inspired by someone like Tony
Robbins for his emotional intelligence and ability to help people break through limiting beliefs.
By drawing inspiration from multiple sources, you can
create a rich tapestry of attributes that will guide you on your
path to Process Mastery.
Beliefs and Actions: The Cornerstones of Modeling:
Once you have identified the Masters you choose to model,
begin to explore their beliefs and actions. What are the core
principles that guide their decision-making? How do they approach challenges, and what habits or rituals have they
adopted to maintain their focus and motivation? What habits
have they formed and what precise actions do they take to
reach their masterful skill sets? By understanding these elements, you can begin to integrate them into your own life.
For example, Jay Abraham, a renowned marketing

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 71

strategist, has a deep understanding of the principle of leverage and is known for finding innovative ways to create value
for businesses. By studying his thought process and approach,
you can gain insights into developing creative marketing
strategies for your own endeavors.
Another example is Abraham Lincoln, who demonstrated
great empathy, humility, and a commitment to unity in the
face of division. By embodying these values, you can cultivate
stronger relationships and foster collaboration in your personal and professional life.
Remember, the key to successful Modeling is to transform
these insights into actionable steps. For instance, if you want
to develop the same intellectual curiosity as Albert Einstein,
dedicate time each day to reading, attending seminars, or engaging in other educational activities.
The Power of Aspirational Modeling:
As you embark on this journey of Modeling, keep in mind
that it is an aspirational process. You are not merely copying
someone else's success, but rather, you are aspiring to embody the values, beliefs, and actions that will elevate your own
life. By embracing this mindset, you will ignite the fire within
you to pursue excellence and, ultimately, achieve Process Mastery.
Expanding Your Modeling Horizons:
In our quest for personal growth, it's essential to remember that our world is vast, diverse, and brimming with wisdom. Don't limit yourself to role models from a single industry
or background. Instead, explore a wide array of perspectives,
learning from the successes and failures of individuals across
various fields and cultures.
For example, you can draw inspiration from Dr. Martin

72 SEAN CALLAGY

Luther King Jr.'s unwavering commitment to justice and
equality, his skill as an orator, and his ability to inspire change
through nonviolent means. Similarly, you can learn from the
compassion, forgiveness, and selflessness embodied by Jesus
Christ.
By doing so, you will develop a more comprehensive understanding of the attributes and behaviors that contribute to
success, allowing you to create a personalized roadmap to
Process Mastery.
Learning from Negative Examples:
While our focus in Modeling is primarily on identifying
and emulating positive attributes, it's also essential to
acknowledge the value in learning from negative examples.
Recognizing the pitfalls and challenges that others have faced
can help us avoid similar mistakes and more effectively navigate our own journey.
When encountering negative examples, take the time to
reflect on the underlying issues that led to their difficulties.
Consider how you might approach similar situations differently or adopt alternative strategies to overcome such challenges. By learning from both the positive and negative
experiences of others, we can build a more robust and wellrounded foundation for our own success.
The Role of Reflection in Modeling:
As you progress through your Modeling journey, it's vital
to regularly reflect on your experiences and evaluate your
progress. Are the attributes, beliefs, and actions you've
adopted from your role models yielding positive results in
your life? If not, consider revisiting your choices and making
adjustments as needed.
Reflection also allows you to identify areas of your life

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 73

where additional Modeling may be beneficial. As you grow
and evolve, your needs and priorities may shift, making it essential to regularly reassess your role models and the qualities
you wish to emulate.
Supporting Others Through Modeling:
An often-overlooked aspect of Modeling is the opportunity
to serve as a role model for others. As you achieve greater levels of success and Process Mastery, you will likely find yourself
in a position to inspire and support others on their own journeys.
Embrace this responsibility with humility and grace, recognizing that your actions, beliefs, and values can have a significant impact on those around you. Share your experiences
and the lessons you've learned through Modeling, offering
guidance and encouragement to help others reach their full
potential.
The Ripple Effect of Modeling:
The power of Modeling extends far beyond our own lives.
As we adopt the positive attributes, beliefs, and actions of our
role models, we naturally begin to influence those around us.
This ripple effect can inspire positive change within our families, communities, and even society as a whole.
By committing to the process of Modeling and striving for
excellence, we not only elevate ourselves but also contribute
to the greater good. This is the true power of Integrity Based
Human Influence and Process Mastery.
Conclusion:
Thank you for joining us on this exploration of Modeling,
the first critical step in our journey toward Process Mastery.
Remember, the heart of this process lies in embracing the best

74 SEAN CALLAGY

attributes of others and integrating them into our own lives.
With an open heart and a commitment to action, we can
achieve greatness.
As we continue our journey, we will delve deeper into the
Unblinded Results Formula, exploring the remaining steps:
Time Blocking, Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring, and Innovation and Optimization. Together, we will
unlock the full potential of Integrity Based Human Influence
and achieve true Process Mastery. In doing so, we will not only
transform our own lives, but we will contribute to bettering
the lives of others as well.
Time Blocking
Harnessing the Power of Time Blocking and Achieving
Zone Action:
In our previous discussion, we delved into the importance
of Modeling as the first step of Process Mastery within the Unblinded Results Formula. Now, we will explore the second
step: Time Blocking, and how it leads to a state we call "Zone
Action."
Time Blocking: The Key to Focus, Productivity, and Zone
Action:
Time Blocking is much more than simply creating a checklist or scheduling every minute of your day. It is a strategic approach to organizing your time and prioritizing tasks,
ensuring that you remain focused and productive throughout
the day. The goal is to maximize your efficiency, allowing you
to make significant progress in the areas that matter most to
your personal and professional growth.
A major outcome of effective Time Blocking is achieving
and maintaining a state of "Zone Action." Zone Action is defined as being the most effective, efficient, and intentional

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 75

action step you can take today for the rise of your money, your
time, and your magic. By aligning our actions with our values,
goals, and priorities, we can unlock the full potential of Integrity Based Human Influence and experience Zone Action.
Zone Action in the Lives of the Greats:
Many successful individuals throughout history have utilized Time Blocking to achieve Zone Action. Nikola Tesla, Elon
Musk, Steve Jobs, Benjamin Franklin, David Goggins, Kobe
Bryant, and Tom Brady all embraced the concept of Time
Blocking to maximize their productivity and achieve extraordinary results in their respective fields.
Nikola Tesla, known for his remarkable inventions and
groundbreaking work in the field of electricity, meticulously
planned his day to ensure he could devote ample time to his
research and experiments. By using Time Blocking to create a
structured and efficient schedule, Tesla was able to achieve
Zone Action and make significant strides in his work.
Similarly, Benjamin Franklin, one of America's Founding
Fathers, followed a rigorous daily routine, which he called his
"Scheme." This routine included allocating specific blocks of
time for work, personal growth, and rest. By adhering to this
structured approach, Franklin was able to achieve Zone Action
and excel in various endeavors, including politics, writing, and
inventing.
Integrating Time Blocking and Zone Action:
Now that we have a clear understanding of the Time
Blocking process and the concept of Zone Action, it's essential
to integrate these approaches to create a powerful synergy
that propels you toward Process Mastery.
Start by identifying your priorities and aligning them with
your values, goals, and objectives. By focusing on tasks that

76 SEAN CALLAGY

contribute to your personal and professional growth, you create a solid foundation for achieving Zone Action.
Organize your tasks based on their importance and urgency, allocating specific time blocks to each task. This will
help you maintain focus and ensure that you're working on
the most impactful activities.
Schedule blocks of time for rest, relaxation, and personal
care. Achieving Zone Action requires a balance between work
and personal life, so make sure to prioritize self-care and personal growth.
Consistently review and adjust your time blocks to ensure
they remain aligned with your evolving priorities and goals.
This will help you stay on track and maintain Zone Action
throughout your journey toward Process Mastery.
Be mindful of potential distractions and interruptions, and
protect your time blocks to maintain focus on your tasks. By
creating an environment that supports focus and productivity,
you'll be better equipped to achieve Zone Action.
The Ripple Effect of Time Blocking and Zone Action:
Much like Modeling, the power of Time Blocking and Zone
Action extends far beyond our own lives. As we effectively
manage our time and prioritize our actions, we create a ripple
effect that influences those around us. This impact can inspire
positive change within our families, communities, and even
society as a whole.
By committing to the process of Time Blocking and striving for excellence in our daily lives, we not only elevate ourselves but also contribute to the greater good. When we
achieve Zone Action, our focus, productivity, and intentionality can serve as a powerful example for others to follow. This
is the true power of Integrity Based Human Influence and Process Mastery.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 77

Time Blocking, Zone Action, and the Unblinded Results
Formula:
Time Blocking and Zone Action are critical components of
the Unblinded Results Formula and play a crucial role in our
journey toward Process Mastery. By effectively organizing our
time and aligning our actions with our values, goals, and priorities, we can unlock the full potential of Integrity Based Human Influence and experience Zone Action.
As we continue to explore the remaining steps in the Unblinded Results Formula – Maximization Through Measuring
and Monitoring and Innovation and Optimization – we will
build upon the foundation laid by Modeling, Time Blocking,
and Zone Action to create a comprehensive framework for
achieving Process Mastery.
Supporting Others Through Time Blocking and Zone Action:
As you develop and refine your Time Blocking skills and
experience Zone Action, remember the impact you can have
on others. By sharing your experiences and insights, you can
help others adopt effective time management strategies and
support their personal and professional growth.
Embrace the opportunity to serve as a mentor, offering
guidance and encouragement to those who seek to master the
art of Time Blocking and achieve Zone Action. In doing so, you
not only contribute to their success but also reinforce your
own commitment to Process Mastery and Integrity Based Human Influence.
Conclusion:
Thank you for joining us on this exploration of Time Blocking and Zone Action, the second critical step in our journey

78 SEAN CALLAGY

toward Process Mastery. Remember, the heart of this process
lies in aligning our time and actions with our values, goals, and
priorities to achieve Zone Action. With consistent effort and a
commitment to excellence, we can achieve greatness.
As we continue our journey, we will journey deeper into
the Unblinded Results Formula, exploring the remaining
steps: Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring, and
Innovation and Optimization. Together, we will unlock the full
potential of Integrity Based Human Influence and achieve true
Process Mastery. In doing so, we will not only transform our
own lives but also create a lasting, positive impact on the
world around us.
Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring:
Let’s continue our journey toward Process Mastery. We
have now explored the first two steps of the Unblinded Results
Formula: Modeling and Time Blocking, which lead to a state of
"Zone Action." As we move forward, we will delve into the
third step: Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring.
This step is essential in understanding the "math" aspect of
Process Mastery and using numbers to drive our growth and
scale effectively.
Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring: A
Deeper Understanding:
Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring is not
just about looking at the numbers; it's about analyzing them
and, most importantly, knowing what actions to take based on
the data. This process enables you to stay in Zone Action and
maintain focus on your goals, both personally and professionally. You cannot manage what you are not measuring.
To achieve Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring, we must understand and leverage Critical Drivers, Key

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 79

Performance Indicators (KPIs), and Dashboards. These components provide valuable insights that allow us to make informed decisions and optimize our performance across
various aspects of our lives, from business to fitness goals and
even relationship goals.
Critical Drivers, KPIs, and Dashboards: The Foundation of
Maximization:
Critical Drivers are the essential factors that directly impact the success of a business or personal goal. These drivers
help us identify what needs to be monitored and measured to
ensure progress and growth. By focusing on Critical Drivers,
we can allocate resources more efficiently and ensure that our
efforts are aligned with our objectives.
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are quantifiable metrics that reflect the performance of a business or individual in
relation to their goals. KPIs help us evaluate our success, identify areas for improvement, and make data-driven decisions
that propel us forward.
Dashboards are visual representations of Critical Drivers
and KPIs, providing a clear, easy-to-understand snapshot of
our performance. Dashboards are essential for growth and
scale, as they enable us to monitor our progress, analyze
trends, and make informed decisions.
Lessons from Successful Companies:
Google, Apple, Amazon, Salesforce, and Tesla are all examples of companies that have excelled in Maximization Through
Measuring and Monitoring. These industry leaders use Critical
Drivers, KPIs, and dashboards to make informed decisions
and maintain a competitive edge in their respective markets.
Google, for instance, leverages data-driven insights to optimize its search algorithms and deliver a better user

80 SEAN CALLAGY

experience. By continuously monitoring and analyzing user
behavior, Google can identify trends and make improvements
that drive growth and innovation.
Apple, on the other hand, utilizes KPIs to monitor the performance of its products and services, ensuring that they meet
the high standards for which the company is known. Through
the use of dashboards and detailed analytics, Apple can
quickly identify areas for improvement and take action to enhance its offerings.
Applying Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring to Personal Goals:
The principles of Maximization Through Measuring and
Monitoring can also be applied to personal goals, such as fitness and relationships. By identifying Critical Drivers and establishing KPIs, we can effectively monitor our progress,
evaluate our performance, and make adjustments as needed
to stay on track toward our goals.
In the context of fitness, Critical Drivers may include exercise frequency, nutrition, and sleep quality. KPIs might be
measurements such as body fat percentage, muscle mass, and
cardiovascular endurance. By regularly tracking these metrics
and utilizing a dashboard to visualize our progress, we can
make informed decisions about our training and nutrition
plans, ultimately achieving our fitness goals more efficiently.
Similarly, in relationships, Critical Drivers could include
communication quality, shared experiences, and emotional
support. KPIs may involve metrics such as relationship satisfaction, trust levels, and the frequency of meaningful conversations. By monitoring these indicators and employing a
dashboard to track our progress, we can identify areas for improvement and make the necessary adjustments to enhance
our relationships.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 81

Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring in Action:
To effectively implement Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring, follow these steps:
Identify the Critical Drivers for your goals, both personal
and professional. Determine what factors have the most significant impact on your success and deserve your focus and
attention.
Establish KPIs that align with your Critical Drivers. Choose
quantifiable metrics that accurately reflect your progress and
performance in relation to your goals.
Create a dashboard to visualize your Critical Drivers and
KPIs. This visual representation will enable you to monitor
your progress, analyze trends, and make informed decisions
based on the data.
Regularly review your dashboard and evaluate your performance. Identify areas where you excel and areas that require improvement. Use this information to make data-driven
decisions and maintain Zone Action.
Continuously update your Critical Drivers, KPIs, and dashboard as your goals evolve. Ensure that your metrics remain
aligned with your objectives and adapt to changes in your personal and professional life.
Share your progress with others. This not only reinforces
your commitment to your goals but also creates accountability and provides an opportunity to receive valuable feedback
and support.
The Unblinded Results Formula: Maximization as an Integral Component:
Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring is a
critical component of the Unblinded Results Formula and
plays a crucial role in our journey toward Process Mastery. By

82 SEAN CALLAGY

effectively monitoring our performance and making datadriven decisions, we can achieve Zone Action and maintain
our focus on the areas that matter most.
As we continue to explore the final step in the Unblinded
Results Formula – Innovation and Optimization – we will build
upon the foundation laid by Modeling, Time Blocking, Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring, and Zone Action to
create a comprehensive framework for achieving Process
Mastery.
Conclusion:
Thank you for joining us on this exploration of Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring, the third vital step in
our journey toward Process Mastery. Remember that the
heart of this process lies in using data to drive our growth and
scale effectively. By leveraging Critical Drivers, KPIs, and
dashboards, we can unlock the full potential of Integrity Based
Human Influence and experience Zone Action.
As we continue our journey, we will delve deeper into the
Unblinded Results Formula, exploring the remaining step: Innovation and Optimization. Together, we will unlock the full
potential of Integrity Based Human Influence and achieve true
Process Mastery. In doing so, we will not only transform our
own lives but also create a lasting, positive impact on the
world around us.
Innovation and Optimization
As we continue our journey toward Process Mastery, we
have now explored the first three steps of the Unblinded Results Formula: Modeling, Time Blocking, and Maximization
Through Measuring & Monitoring. These steps have guided us
toward achieving Zone Action and maintaining focus on our
goals. Now, we embark on the final step of the Formula:

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 83

Innovation and Optimization. This essential component enables us to constantly evolve, grow, and adapt in a world that
demands flexibility and continuous improvement.
Innovation and Optimization: Embracing a Constant Evolution:
The process of Innovation and Optimization is a neverending journey that requires us to continuously evaluate our
performance and make adjustments in a non-ego-driven way.
Rather than focusing on being "right," we must shift our mindset to embrace the innovation needed in each moment to create the greatest acceleration. This approach requires us to set
aside our egos and focus on the greater good.
To effectively optimize and innovate, we must understand
the distinction between Vertical Innovation and Horizontal Innovation. At Unblinded, we advocate for an intense focus on
Vertical Innovation, with a measured and egoless approach to
Horizontal Innovation, only when we have exhausted the possibilities of Vertical Innovation.
Vertical Innovation: Staying True to the Plan:
Vertical Innovation involves staying true to a plan and
continuously "micro-innovating" within that plan. By making
"micro distinctions" and small adjustments in our existing
strategies, we can refine and improve our approach until the
desired outcome is achieved.
An example of Vertical Innovation in the context of a litigation attorney would involve constantly finding ways to increase influence during litigation. This could involve refining
communication techniques, enhancing negotiation strategies,
or exploring alternative legal arguments to achieve success.

84 SEAN CALLAGY

Horizontal Innovation: Exploring New Paths:
Horizontal Innovation, on the other hand, involves stepping into entirely new plans or strategies. This type of innovation can lead to significant changes in direction and requires a
measured, egoless approach to ensure that it is undertaken for
the right reasons and at the appropriate time.
Using the example of a litigation attorney, Horizontal Innovation would be akin to deciding to sell ice cream instead of
continuing to litigate. While this is a fun and silly example, it
highlights the drastic shift that can occur when embracing
Horizontal Innovation.
The World's Greatest Innovators and Step 4:
Many of the world's greatest innovators have employed
Innovation and Optimization. Let's explore some examples:
Apple - Under the leadership of Steve Jobs, Apple continuously
focused on Vertical Innovation, refining and improving its
product line to meet the evolving needs of its customers. Apple also embraced Vertical Innovation when it ventured into
new markets, such as the smartphone industry with the introduction of the iPhone.
Amazon - Jeff Bezos' relentless focus on customer experience
led to numerous Vertical Innovations within Amazon's core ecommerce business. Simultaneously, Amazon has engaged in
more vertical innovation by expanding into new industries,
such as cloud computing and streaming services.
Tesla - Elon Musk's vision for sustainable energy and transportation has driven Tesla to continuously innovate within
the electric vehicle market (Vertical Innovation). Additionally,
Tesla has ventured into new areas, such as energy storage and

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 85

solar power, further advancing Musk's overarching mission.
Implementing Innovation and Optimization in Your Life:
To effectively apply Innovation and Optimization in your
personal and professional life, consider the following steps:
Embrace a mindset of constant evolution and growth. Recognize that improvement is an ongoing process and be willing
to adapt and change as needed.
Focus primarily on Vertical Innovation. Stay true to your
plans and goals, and explore "micro distinctions" and small
adjustments to refine your approach and achieve success.
Approach Horizontal Innovation with an egoless mindset.
Recognize that occasionally, shifting to a completely new plan
or strategy may be necessary. Be open to change but ensure
that it is undertaken for the right reasons and at the appropriate time.
Learn from the world's greatest innovators. Study their
successes and failures, and apply the lessons learned to your
own life and endeavors.
Foster a culture of innovation in your personal and professional life. Encourage open dialogue, experimentation, and
collaboration among your colleagues, friends, and family
members.
Continuously monitor and evaluate your progress. Apply
the principles of Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring to ensure that your innovations are driving you closer
to your goals.
Celebrate your successes, both big and small.
Acknowledge the progress you make as a result of your efforts
in Innovation and Optimization and use that momentum to
propel you forward.
The Unblinded Results Formula: A Holistic Approach to Process Mastery:

86 SEAN CALLAGY

As we have explored the four steps of Process Mastery –
Modeling, Time Blocking, Maximization Through Measuring
and Monitoring, and Innovation and Optimization – we have
built a comprehensive framework for achieving Process Mastery. By embracing the principles of Integrity Based Human
Influence, we can unlock our full potential and create lasting,
positive impacts in our lives and the world around us.
Conclusion:
Thank you for joining us on this journey through the Unblinded Results Formula and the pursuit of Process Mastery.
By embracing the principles of Modeling, Time Blocking, Maximization Through Measuring and Monitoring, and Innovation
and Optimization, we have laid the foundation for a life of success, growth, and fulfillment.
As we move forward, remember that the heart of this process lies in the integration of heart and math. By combining
our passion and emotion with the analytical and data-driven
aspects of Process Mastery, we can achieve our goals and
make a difference in the world.
Stay true to your path and remain open to continuous
learning, growth, and innovation. By doing so, you will not
only transform your own life but also inspire others to do the
same. Together, we can create a world where Integrity Based
Human Influence and Process Mastery guide us toward a
brighter future for all.

Chapter 10:
__________________________________
An Overview Of The Seven Levers of Marketing
And Sales Process Mastery

T

hese levers form the foundation of the Unblinded Re-

sults Formula, a powerful system rooted in Integrity Based
Human Influence. By mastering these levers, you will create
exponential growth in your money, time, and magic.
With a heart-centered approach and a focus on the "heart
& math" of Process Mastery, let's dive into each of these levers
and explore how they can revolutionize your business and life.
Additionally, we will discuss 10 examples of how business
owners, both large and small, have used these levers to generate abundance in money, time, and magic.
Lever 0.5 - Shared Experiences:
The basis of strong relationships, shared experiences create deep connections with others. By engaging in meaningful
activities and events with your target audience, you can foster
trust, loyalty, and a sense of belonging. This lever is all about
building relationships, which are the backbone of any successful business.
Example 1: Apple's product launch events create a sense of excitement and shared experience among Apple fans, fostering
loyalty and enthusiasm for their products.
Example 2: Local businesses hosting community events, such
as workshops or charity fundraisers, can bring people together and strengthen their connection to the business.

88 SEAN CALLAGY

Lever 1 - Ecosystem Merging:
Ecosystem merging involves combining two or more complementary ecosystems to create a more abundant and powerful whole. By strategically merging ecosystems with your
ideal avatar, you can expand your reach, influence, and success far beyond what you could achieve alone. This lever is
critical for scaling your business and creating synergistic partnerships.
Example 1: Tesla's acquisition of SolarCity allowed them to
combine their electric vehicle technology with SolarCity's solar energy expertise, creating a more comprehensive clean energy solution.
Example 2: A local bakery partnering with a nearby coffee
shop to provide fresh pastries, expanding their customer base
and increasing sales for both businesses.
Lever 2 - Speaking Engagements:
Public speaking is a powerful way to share your message,
establish authority, and connect with your ideal audience.
This lever focuses on securing speaking engagements in front
of your ideal avatar, allowing you to share your knowledge,
build credibility, and generate interest in your products or
services. Mastering this lever can open doors to new opportunities and increase your visibility in the marketplace.
Example 1: Tony Robbins, the world-renowned motivational
speaker, has built a multi-million-dollar empire by sharing his
insights and expertise through speaking engagements worldwide.
Example 2: A small business owner presenting at local

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 89

business events or conferences can raise their profile and attract new clients.
Lever 3 - Sales Meetings:
Sales meetings are where the rubber meets the road. Effective sales meetings lead to agreement formation, increased
revenue, and business growth. By mastering this lever, you'll
learn to conduct sales meetings that inspire action, build trust,
and generate results. Remember, sales meetings are not just
about making a sale – they're about forging lasting relationships and providing value to your customers.
Example 1: Salesforce, a global leader in customer relationship management software, holds regular sales meetings to
build relationships with potential clients.
Example 2: A local real estate agent hosting regular open
houses and informational sessions can establish trust with potential clients, leading to more sales.
Lever 4 - Sales:
Sales are the lifeblood of any business. Mastering the art
and science of selling is crucial for sustainable growth and success. This lever focuses on developing your sales skills, understanding your customer's needs, and crafting irresistible
offers. A heart-centered approach to selling ensures that you
are always acting with integrity and providing real value to
your clients.
Example 1: Amazon's incredible growth and dominance in the
e-commerce market can be attributed to their relentless focus
on customer needs, delivering value, and continually refining
their sales strategies.

90 SEAN CALLAGY

Example 2: A local fitness studio offering tailored membership
packages and personalized fitness plans can increase sales by
addressing the unique needs and desires of their clients.
Lever 5 - Disposable Income:
Increasing disposable income is all about creating financial abundance and freedom. By following the 7 levers, you'll
generate more money, time, and magic – allowing you to invest in experiences, causes, and opportunities that matter
most to you. Mastering this lever means making smart financial decisions and leveraging your wealth to create a life of
abundance and fulfillment.
Example 1: Warren Buffett, one of the world's most successful
investors, has amassed substantial disposable income
through his strategic investments, allowing him to contribute
billions to philanthropic causes.
Example 2: A small business owner who successfully applies
the 7 levers can increase their disposable income, affording
them the opportunity to take vacations, support local charities, or invest in new business ventures.
Lever 6 - Contribution:
A truly successful life goes beyond material wealth and
personal achievements. This lever emphasizes the importance
of giving back, making a difference, and creating a lasting impact in the world. By focusing on contribution, you'll discover
a deeper sense of purpose, fulfillment, and happiness that
comes from helping others and leaving a lasting legacy.
Example 1: Bill and Melinda Gates, through their foundation,
have used their wealth and influence to contribute to global

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 91

health initiatives, education, and poverty alleviation efforts.
Example 2: A local business owner offering pro bono services
or support to non-profit organizations can create a positive
impact in their community and build a lasting legacy.
Lever 7 - Fun and Magic:
Last but not least, the Fun and Magic lever is all about embracing the joy and wonder of life. Success is not just about
working hard – it's also about enjoying the journey and celebrating the milestones along the way. By infusing fun and
magic into every aspect of your life, you'll create an environment that attracts success, happiness, and abundance.
Example 1: Google's company culture, which emphasizes creativity, innovation, and a fun work environment, has contributed to their status as one of the world's most successful and
sought-after employers.
Example 2: A small business owner who prioritizes teambuilding events, celebrates achievements, and encourages a
positive work environment can boost employee morale,
productivity, and overall success.
The 7 Levers of Marketing and Sales Process Mastery provide a roadmap to exponential growth and success. By embracing a heart-centered approach and mastering these
levers, you'll unlock the full potential of your business and life.
Together, we can create a brighter, more abundant future
for all.

Chapter 11:
__________________________________
Lever 0.5: Shared Experiences

A

ll business is built on relationships.

All relationships are built on shared experiences.
Thus, the only question is: “What is the most efficient
shared experience, in terms of money, time, and energy to
build business relationships, and therefore to build business,
with my ideal ecosystem, speaking, and client avatars?”.
The profound truth and power of understanding and mastering the execution of the above three statements cannot possibly be overstated.
Other than doing nothing, the antithesis of the above truth
is: random networking.
The outcome of this lever, 0.5, is to source everything you
need for your business, in the most optimally and integrously
conditioned of ways.
Said differently, if you have no shared experience platform, you have, by definition, in absolute terms, a suboptimal,
imprecise, randomized mode, relying upon luck and/or blessing, to source the relationships you need for your business.
Let’s break down each component, with a bit of empathy,
respect, precision, and directness.
All business is built on relationships.
What does this mean?
At one time, an early human wandered about the wilderness looking for dinner.
He had to source his own tools and weapons. He had to
source his own water. He had to source and maintain his own

94 SEAN CALLAGY

clothes.
This hunter also had to figure out where the animals are.
He then had to figure out how to hunt the animals, as well as
engage in the actual hunt.
If he is injured, he must tend to the injury himself and continue to hunt for dinner injured or risk starvation, or at least
weakening from hunger to the point that he can no longer effectively hunt and source food.
Then, if the hunt is successful and he survives, he must
skin and prepare the food, maybe creating his own fire, dealing with all of those complexities and frustrations. He must defend his meal from other animals, create his own shelter and
dispose of garbage, lest he be overrun by more creatures,
ranging from the annoying to the life-threatening.
And we think political divisiveness is a lot to deal with?
If all of this works out for this round of eating, he wins the
right to do it all over again. Round by round until he does not
or cannot do it again.
Some time later, he figures out how to build relationships,
and people are cooperating and performing many of these different tasks together.
How all of this works together is in the section called Ecosystem Merging.
That section will explore how to source those ecosystem
merger relationships.
Do you have any challenges in understanding that all business is built on relationships?
Your marketing?
Your selling?
Your managing, leading, recruiting, fundraising…isn’t all
of it built on relationships?
Can there be any business without relationships?
If there is, it very closely resembles our early human who
is alone, exhausted, and barely surviving.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 95

However, if you are in business, then by definition you
CANNOT BE ALONE. If you are in business, you must have at
least one client, and therefore you are not alone.
Thus, your business is absolutely foundationally built on
relationships.
But, how do we build relationships?
Thankfully, we do not need to roam the plains of the
world.
What is a shared experience?
It is any interaction with a human being.
Examples include:
-Buying a hundred-dollar bill for one hundred thousand dollars from Tony Robbins and going on his stage
-Waiting in line
-Flying on a private jet
-Ziplining
-Being edified in front of ten thousand people, hugged and being told I am someone of integrity by Tony Robbins
-Raising money for charity
-Delivering supplies to Ukraine
-Skiing double black diamonds
-Shot skis
-Surfing with dolphins
-Kayaking with skates
-Jumping in the ocean with five-foot tarpon
-The Capital Grille private rooms
-Riding on the nose of dolphins
-Sky diving
-Jumping in the water at midnight with an offshore hurricane
taking place
-South Beach and Vegas parties
-Body surfing

96 SEAN CALLAGY

-Taking a helicopter to a mountaintop
-Scuba diving
Think about it.
Who was your best friend as a child?
Who is, or was, your last significant other?
Who is your best friend as an adult?
Think of one of your favorite clients.
Who is your closest family member?
With every single one of these people, what were the foundational shared experiences that built your relationship with
them?
What are the shared experiences that continue your relationships?
And, think of relationships in any of these categories that
ended…didn’t the shared experiences begin to end? And as
they were ending, didn’t the shared experiences not resonate
optimally? Didn’t they become less and less pleasurable, fun
and exciting, and instead became more dull, arduous, and
probably even painful?
This may seem obvious.
There is a huge distinction between that which we know
AND that which is actualized.
How many movie stars get tighter after movies together?
How many relationships start at work, college, or even
high school and last forever?
How many people meet at the gym or church?
Shared experience is the ONLY way that people build relationships.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 97

Here is where math begins to enter the equation.
We each have one hundred sixty-eight hours in a week.
After taking out sleep, family, friends, and other socializing, bathing, working out, meals, alone time, relaxation time,
serving clients, managing all aspects of business, praying
and/or meditation, how many hours are left for marketing and
selling?
With my twenty years as a certified coach and twenty-six
years of being a business owner, most people spend less than
ten hours per week in actual business development time. Even
if, however, someone is spending twenty or thirty hours, how
important is each of the Seven Levers?
Profoundly important.
Thus, the time we have to spend sourcing people and running optimal shared experiences is extremely little.
AND, we have just articulated that if we do not have our
own shared experience platform, we are making an enormous
mistake.
The Question: what is the most efficient shared experience
in terms of money, time, and energy to create relationships
with your optimal ecosystem, speaking, and client avatars?
You are sitting in your professional practice, business
headquarters, and/or in your home office.
You want to exponentially grow.
You know business is built on relationships, and all relationships are built on shared experiences.
Now what?
Logically, the creation of relationships, through shared experiences are the key.
But how?
You can determine who your ideal ecosystem partner is,
call him or her, and invite them to summit Everest.
This process typically takes six months.
Of course, your ideal client avatar might not have six

98 SEAN CALLAGY

months to spare AND may not be up for the nearly ten percent
death rate for those that attempt to summit Everest.
Maybe this is not particularly optimal in terms of either
time or money efficiency, since summitting Everest costs
about one hundred thousand dollars all in.
How about energy?
Well, in light of blizzards, frequent deaths, and serious morale challenges, summitting Everest may not be the most efficient shared experience in terms of money, time, or energy.
So, what else?
A sporting event might be a solid choice. It does, however,
take about five hours, including traveling to the stadium for a
baseball or football game and watching the game itself. Tickets
can also be pricey and the game requires a lot of focus. This
may be meaningfully better than Everest, but still, it seems, it
is not perfect.
How about a random networking event?
Hmmm…
The cost and time efficiency, on the surface, do not seem
too bad, typically.
It may, however, be categorically, suboptimal.
Who are you meeting at these events?
The randomness factor skyrockets upward.
Wandering around the room looking to meet people is just
not mathematically efficient.
How about dinner at The Capital Grille, Morton’s Steakhouse, or some outstanding Tony Robbins four-day immersion, being on the Oprah Winfrey show or a weekend in the
Caymans? All qualify. They are all going to require a big time
and money investment.
So, what is optimal?
It is January 10th, 11th, and 12th, 2020.
Our first Unblinded event has one thousand three hundred
people in attendance. This shared experience is creating

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 99

something.
Jay Abraham, The Godfather of Marketing, and Kris Krohn,
with his tens of millions of video views, are in attendance.
Two months later, COVID is everywhere, and the world
shuts down
Everyone says it is over. We are a live events company.
How can we create the best of the live immersions, combined with The Capital Grille?
There is a big difference between attending a webinar or
a live speaking event versus coming to dinner at The Capital
Grille.
I have an idea. The idea is to bring people onto an online
experience so that they can challenge themselves with the superpower of influence.
Dinners can be very effective. Dinner, however, is somewhat costly in terms of time. We must consider the drive to
and from the restaurant as well as time at dinner. Dinner is
also geographically restrictive because it does involve physical travel to get to the restaurant. If you are from New Jersey,
having a dinner meeting with someone from Los Angeles, or
even Washington DC, it involves a significant investment of
time to physically get there or to wait until you are going to be
in geographic proximity for some reason.
So, when the world shut down in 2020, we were in very,
very real trouble.
It still does not change the question though: If all business
is built on relationships, and all relationships are created
through shared experiences, then what is the most efficient
shared experience, in terms of investment of money, time, and
energy, to create a relationship with optimal avatars?
Each part of that question matters, including the word
“optimal.” Optimal does not happen randomly. Thus, if you are
going to random networking events, it does not mean you will
meet your optimal avatars.

100 SEAN CALLAGY

And, if you are even going to an event with optimal people,
generally, it still does not mean you will meet them at all.
AND, even if you meet them, how will you meet them AND
who will you be when you meet them that way?
So, if you go to a random networking event, the group in
the room may not be optimal for you.
If you are a financial services provider and your ideal client is a high-net-worth individual, defined as being worth five
million dollars or more with investable assets of at least one
million dollars, then the average business networking room
will not be mathematically optimal for you. If one hundred
people are in the room, most likely ten or fewer people will fit
your high-net-worth criteria.
What is the likelihood that you will meet those ten people?
Also, typically, high-net-worth people do not like to gather
in rooms where there are no other high-net-worth people.
Thus, if a room is not set to be either intentionally high-networth, or if there isn’t a profession that would typically have
high-net-worth people, such as neurosurgeons for example,
then it is fully possible that even with one hundred people in
the room, none of those people would satisfy your criteria.
Under the example of ten ideal avatars randomly being in
the room, however, how do you find these people? You need a
blessing, luck, or whatever you believe in.
Already the math is off and not in your favor. Note: if your
intention is to socialize, great. Do not mistake socializing, however, for optimal relationship creation.
So, we have evaluated the math problem that most people
you meet will not be your avatar. We have, within that challenge, the great likelihood that you may spend five hours in
travel and event attendance and meet zero people who are
your avatar.
Then, we have the challenge of when you do meet them,
who are you to them?

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 101

For example, I, not for long, but I have attended random
networking functions only to discover that a “business event”
had very nice people, but all people who were in the most immature stages of their business and relationship development.
Thus, I was not there to socialize. I was also not there to take.
I was there to find people that I could be one plus one
equals a million, billion, or trillion with. Instead, we were one
plus one equals zero, and I wasted five hours of my precious
time.
So, do not random network. It is unlikely that you will
meet your optimal avatars.
But what if the place promises to have your optimal avatars? I’ve also gone to general legal events. At these events, we
have gone in at times randomly and at times as exhibitors.
Going to a legal event, at times, has resulted in the very
interesting dynamic of there being almost NO attorneys in attendance. For every attorney at the conference, there were ten
exhibitors. In fact, at one conference I foolishly allowed, in absolute violation of what I teach, for our team to convince me
to let us exhibit. Our team met zero attorneys in two days and
just met other exhibitors.
And, of course, this begs the question of who you are when
you meet them.
Are successful people that are your optimal avatars impressed by you or your team as exhibitors?
Who is an exhibitor to most people: a salesperson, of
course.
And, are salespeople the individuals that people want to
meet?
Make the sound of how you feel about salespeople.
That is how people feel about you or your team, as a general predisposition, when they meet you as an exhibitor. And,
how often are optimal avatars walking up to exhibitor booths
and saying: “Hi. I’m so happy to meet you and want to buy

102 SEAN CALLAGY

things from you."?
Our brain is ten times more drawn to danger and drawn
to pay attention to danger than it is to pleasure or benefit.
As a byproduct of this truth, our brain is drawn to see what
may not be true or valuable about anything new or different.
Why?
Because new or different are both very, very dangerous.
What?
Our Self Mastery is how able we are to get ourselves to optimally do things.
Two primal forces stand in the way of us being able to optimally get ourselves to do things. And there are forces that
determine our ability to overcome this.
Fundamentally, our fear of rejection and fear of failure determine at what level we are in Zone Action or not.
There is a Scale of Mastery. And, it is never the question of
whether you are a Master or not a Master. Instead, it is about
the question of where you are on the Scale of Mastery.
Am I a one in two? A one in the ten, or the ninetieth percentile? Am I one in one hundred at a nine point nine level of
mastery? One in one thousand? One in ten thousand? One in
one hundred thousand? One in a million?
Oprah is a one in a billion as a multibillionaire African
American woman who has suffered trauma and had a teen
pregnancy.
And, if you are less than a one in twenty person in terms
of mastery, or a nine point five, then you are a Dabbler under
our scale.
You are generally in Dabbler behavior.
This is not a judgment of you, but an assessment of behavior.
In the same way we can assess the performance of a gymnast, trumpet player, tango dancer, quarterback, pizza maker,
event thrower, a book or a movie, Master versus Dabbler and

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 103

at what level is simply an assessment.
This assessment, the truth of it, in terms of Process, Influence, and Self Mastery is controlling your money, time, and
magic right now and whether you break through to the next
level or not.
In the chapter about Self Mastery, we touched on the
Seven Destroyers of Self Mastery, and these destroyers determine if you are operating on the side of mastery or if you are
dabbling, and at what level.
Two destroyers are the top focus, destroyers five and six,
which are fear of rejection and fear of failure. And they are
shaped and informed by the first four destroyers and then finally manifested in destroyer number seven.
The 7 Destroyers of Self Mastery:
1. Not using Drugs…Physiology
2. Not having a strong enough, conditioned-in Why
3. Not choosing your identities in all ways relevant to
driving your business forward… (Who are you in each
part of business?)
4. Not choosing relevant limiting and empowering beliefs
5. Not being able to identify fear of rejection
6. Not being able to identify fear of failure
7. Not being certain on Zone Action due to chunking issues
Again, the top destroyers are fear of rejection and fear of
failure.
In the end, these two forces determine what level of Self
Mastery you are operating at.
Self Mastery, “mastery” being a key term of art, is at what
level are you are engaging in Zone Action. This entire book is
what Zone Action is about and how we discern it.
Zone Action is the most efficient action step possible to

104 SEAN CALLAGY

bring about your outcome.
At all times, we are at some level of Zone Action, or not, to
bring about our mission, vision, and purpose, as well as the
sub-outcomes that are necessary to be achieving Zone Action.
Let’s differentiate the Master and the Dabbler.
The Master Says:
1. What is the truth?
2. What don’t I know to optimize my Zone Action?
3. If I know it, what can I optimize to execute at the highest level of mastery to achieve it?
4. If I am in Zone Action, how can I be having fun and loving the process?
The Dabbler Says:
1. How do I feel about doing this? Do I like it? Is it comfortable?
2. The Dabbler is looking for what they know to feel more
certain, not what they do not know to be at higher levels of Zone Action.
3. The Dabbler is not looking at ways to optimize execution, rather they are saying “Why do I need to listen to
this? I am already doing this.”
4. The Dabbler is constantly at the effect of whether what
they are doing is fun or not, as opposed to seeking how
to make it fun in order to continue to build lifeforce energy into what they are doing.
Some people can read this book and say:
This doesn’t feel comfortable.
And, I know this.
And, I am doing this.
And, this isn’t fun so therefore, I’m not doing this, because
it isn’t valuable, it isn’t me and there must be another way.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 105

The Master, on the other hand, is asking:
What is the truth? Where is the truth in this and what is
the ultimate truth?
What don’t I know here and what can I learn on a macro
or micro level to exponentially accelerate living in my life mission, vision, and purpose, as well as produce my optimal outcomes to drive my money, time, and magic with integrity?
Then, the Master is asking, even if I know this, what can I
learn today or do today to support my Zone Action and to be
more consistently masterful?
And, how can I optimize my Zone Action through finding
ways to make everything feel more fun, powerful, loving, magical and every other feeling I want to have?
And, our Dabblerness is insidious. It hides and lurks in corners. It is there to help us avoid feeling like we are rejected or
failing.
As we rise in mastery, however, we relate very differently
to our fears of rejection and failure.
The Master has mastered two things that the dabbler has
not.
First, the Master knows there is no such thing as rejection.
Second, the Master knows fear of failure, unlike rejection,
is very real. We only have limited resources, a certain amount
of money, time, and energy. So, the Master knows how to use
his or her fear of failure to drive Zone Action, not avoid Zone
Action.
So, how do you choose to show up in this book and in business in relation to your Marketing and Sales Process Mastery?
Here are some simple ways of helping you distinguish between showing up at events as a Master or Dabbler to bring
those four different Master and Dabbler points to life or not.
1. How extensively are you taking notes?

106 SEAN CALLAGY

2. How fully are you participating in verbally answering
the questions?
3. How extensively are you in the room physically or virtually?
4. How responsible are you for your energy level being at
a nine point five or higher?
5. Are the questions you are asking yourself about how to
optimize, or rather are they about what you believe
you already know or are already doing?
The Master knows that the power of acceleration is in two
places: the integrity, the truth of the macrostructure, and the
micro-processes that serve the integrity of the macrostructure.
It is as simple as plumbing, or your cardiovascular system.
If a pipe is out, you get no water. A hundred and fifty pipes
form the reservoir so that your home can be working, but if
one is not working, then you have no water coming out of the
faucet. If one of those pipes burst in your body, you cease to
live within seconds.
It is the exact same for the integrity of your Marketing and
Sales Process Mastery.
The Dabbler says, “Well, I don’t like doing that, so I don’t
need to do that. I’ve been successful without it.”
The Master says, “WOW, that is an exponential force multiplier now and continues to be a force multiplier as we go.”
There is never any judgment in this space. And we propose you do not judge yourself.
We do propose you seek the truth in the assessment of
your masterful or dabbling behaviors and consistently seek to
be a nine point nine level Master or higher.
As Yoda says: “Choose wisely.”
Where do you think you are on the scale of Master versus
Dabbler?

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 107

Are you seeking truth or are you looking at how you feel,
and at what level?
Are you saying “I know this.”? Or are you asking “What do
I not know on a macro and micro level?”
Are you looking for confirmation that you are doing this or
are you instead looking for macro and micro distinctions of
what you may not be doing, looking for broken pipes that may
be destroying exponential flow, or even the life of your
dreams?
Are you at the effect of how things feel that decrease your
energy, or are you causing how you feel in order to accelerate
Zone Action even higher?
Are you taking notes?
Are you vigorously, verbally, and energetically participating?
The rest….
As Mr. Miyagi said, “Walk left side of road (not trying). Ok.
Walk right side of road, path of Master. Ok. Walk middle of
road, crunch and crack.”
What do you choose? Mastery or Dabbling, for this book,
and eventually for life?
We’ve already established that random networking is not
the way to meet your optimal avatars and that shared experiences are necessary because all business is built on relationships and all relationships are built on shared experiences.
So, what is the most efficient shared experience you can
create in terms of money, time, and energy?
The Heart of Influence became an innovation in our
shared experiences by asking continuously: “What is the most
efficient shared experience we can create when we can’t meet
live?”
The answer became an even more optimal version of a
Capital Grille private room dinner virtually.
Six to eight people, along with our team, like the ten-seat

108 SEAN CALLAGY

private room.
Then, do a version of introductions, as we do there.
Next, add a sequencing to condense the slower-moving,
more generalized version of the night and turn it into one
hour.
The value is in introducing people to people they want to
meet.
But, where does that leave us? Are we just the connectors?
That is valuable, but it is leaving out a huge piece of mastery
that conveys our Heroic Unique identity in a powerful and primary way.
This piece has to be there, since it is a unique piece of mastery, even a superpower.
So, we added the Magic Moment section, where I get put
on the hot seat.
It must be energized, fun, and disruptive: Willy Wonka
meets Martin Luther King, meets the focused leadership of
Herb Brooks and Muhammad Ali, meets loving grandmother,
meets Oprah saying “I see you. I hear you, and what you say
matters to me.”
How do we do this in one hour?
In the beginning, it was okay, but still far from optimal. Me,
one on one. Then one on two. Then, two participants and three
judges. Then, it became two participants, four to six judges,
someone introducing the people, and a set role player to add
fun, humor, disruption, heart, and energy.
So, we eventually were doing the show daily. Then, we
were doing the show twice daily. Now, we are often doing the
show three times daily.
We created partnerships.
We will discuss in the Ecosystem Merging section why and
how to do this in integrity.
For now, though, here is the question: “How would you
compare a show where you bring on your optimal avatars as

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 109

ecosystem partners (still to be described in later sections),
speaking opportunities, (still to be described ahead), and client opportunities versus random networking?”
One is far easier…or is it?
Is random networking and suffering through not building,
growing, and scaling to achieve what you want, actually easier?
In the moment, yes. In the long run, it will crush and destroy your dreams.
Thus, building your own shared experience platform, with
us or on your own, is as vital an asset to get you to your ultimate money, time, and magic outcomes as your arteries are to
your life.
Without an intentional sourcing mechanism of your optimal avatars, you cannot hit your outcome.
Now, let’s answer a summary shared experience chapter
question.
Now that we know we need a shared experience, why
should I care about this ecosystem thing and who is my optimal ecosystem merging avatar?

Chapter 12:
__________________________________
Lever 1: Ecosystem Mergers

N

ow, let's explore the heart and math of Ecosystem Merg-

ing.
Defining Ecosystems:
An ecosystem is a group or network of interconnected individuals or entities that self-identify with a common interest,
value, or purpose. Ecosystems can be formed around various
factors such as geography, shared hobbies, professional affiliations, or belief systems. Tango dancers, Jets fans, New Jersey
residents, NASA, Burning Man, Chase Bank, Kobe Bryant, Tony
Robbins, and YOU are all examples of ecosystems. The key to
effective ecosystem merging is identifying and connecting
with ecosystems that include your ideal avatar – the individuals or entities that perfectly align with your values and goals.
Ecosystem Merging: The Three Levels
Ecosystem merging is the process of combining two or more
ecosystems to create a more abundant and powerful whole.
There are three levels of ecosystem merging, each representing a deeper level of commitment and integration:
Level 3 – "Dating": At this level, the currency is trust and integrity. Two ecosystems merge through simple one-page commitment agreements and can help each other get booked for
speaking engagements, assemble an audience for shared experiences, or create additional ecosystem mergers. There is

112 SEAN CALLAGY

no financial agreement at this level. It's essential to build trust
with your ideal avatar at this stage, as it lays the groundwork
for deeper connections and collaborations.
Level 2 – "Engaged": A step beyond dating, this level involves
a financial agreement that allows one ecosystem to create
monetization outside of their primary business. For example,
Unblinded can create monetization through selling programs
and booking speaking engagements, Callagy Law can provide
legal services, and Epic Financial can offer life insurance. This
level is akin to being engaged to someone. At this stage, it's
crucial to work closely with your ideal avatar to ensure both
parties benefit from the merger, fostering a long-lasting and
mutually beneficial partnership.
Level 1 – "Married": The highest level of ecosystem merging,
where two ecosystems create a unique entity and share equity. This requires a more thorough legal agreement and represents a long-term commitment, much like marriage. With
your ideal avatar, you'll be able to achieve even greater success as you work together toward common goals and visions.
The Four Components of Ecosystem Merging:
To evaluate the potential of an ecosystem merger, consider
these four components:
Identity: Social proof is crucial in establishing trust and credibility. Think of the power of taking pictures with celebrities or
athletes – it instantly boosts your social status. Your ideal avatar should have a strong identity that aligns with your values
and goals, enhancing the credibility of the merged ecosystem.
Relationship Capital: It's not just about the number of people
you know, but the influence you have with them and whether

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 113

they are ideal avatars for the other ecosystem. Cultivating
deep, authentic connections with your ideal avatar is critical
to the success of the ecosystem merger.
Monetary Capital: The most well-understood component,
money is not always the most valuable asset in an ecosystem
merger. It depends on the needs and goals of the ecosystems
involved. However, aligning monetary capital with the combined vision of your ideal avatar and your ecosystem can help
fuel growth and create more abundance.
Teammates with Unique Skills: Often undervalued and misunderstood, unique skills are not always directly related to one's
profession. Abilities like getting a "yes" on a microphone, raising money, or leading teams can be more valuable in an ecosystem merger. Identifying and leveraging the unique skills of
your ideal avatar can significantly enhance the value of the
merged ecosystem, leading to greater success and impact.
Examples of Ecosystem Merging in Business:
Let's look at some more examples of how business moguls
have used ecosystem merging to create massive abundance:
Apple and IBM: In the 1990s, Apple and IBM, once fierce competitors, decided to merge their ecosystems to create a powerful alliance that changed the technology industry.
Elon Musk: Elon Musk's various companies, such as Tesla,
SpaceX, and SolarCity, all focus on different aspects of sustainable energy and technology. By merging these ecosystems,
Musk is working toward a shared vision of a sustainable future.
Richard Branson: Richard Branson's Virgin Group includes

114 SEAN CALLAGY

companies in various industries, from aviation to telecommunications. By merging these ecosystems, Branson has created
a global brand recognized for its innovative approach and
commitment to customer service.
Oprah Winfrey: Oprah's media empire, including her television network, magazine, and production company, all focus on
personal development, inspiration, and empowerment. By
merging these ecosystems, Oprah has created a powerful platform to reach and influence millions of people worldwide.
Disney and Pixar: Disney's acquisition of Pixar in 2006 created
a powerful ecosystem merger that combined Disney's iconic
characters and storytelling with Pixar's innovative animation
technology, resulting in a new era of successful animated
films.
Amazon and Whole Foods: In 2017, Amazon acquired Whole
Foods, merging the e-commerce giant's logistics and technology prowess with Whole Foods' reputation for high-quality,
organic products. This ecosystem merger expanded Amazon's
reach into the grocery market and improved Whole Foods'
distribution capabilities.
Facebook and Instagram: When Facebook acquired Instagram
in 2012, it merged two leading social media ecosystems, allowing both platforms to leverage each other's user bases,
technologies, and advertising capabilities, resulting in enhanced growth and profitability.
Microsoft and LinkedIn: Microsoft's acquisition of LinkedIn in
2016 brought together the technology giant's software and
cloud computing expertise with LinkedIn's vast professional
network, creating new opportunities for collaboration, learning, and growth in the business world.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 115

Emphasizing the Importance of Merging Ecosystems with
Your Ideal Avatar:
The key to successful ecosystem merging is identifying and
connecting with ecosystems that include your ideal avatar –
the individuals or entities that perfectly align with your values
and goals. By focusing on merging with ecosystems containing
your ideal avatar, you'll create lasting relationships built on
trust, integrity, and a shared commitment to abundance and
success.
Always remember the importance of embracing a heart-centered approach in every aspect of your life, including ecosystem merging. By doing so, you will create lasting relationships
built on trust, integrity, and a shared commitment to abundance and success.
It's time to experience the magic of Ecosystem Merging and
unlock the full potential of the 7 Levers of Marketing and Sales
Process Mastery. Together, we will change the world and create a brighter, more abundant future for all.
Here's to your success and the power of heart and math in ecosystem merging.
It’s time for a self-assessment in terms of your Ecosystem
Merging.
What is an ecosystem?
What is an Ecosystem Merger?
What are four values to exchange in an Ecosystem Merger?
Which values are you providing most regularly now and

116 SEAN CALLAGY

which do you have to offer?
Whose identity can you raise?
Who can raise your identity?
What relationship capital do you have?
Who has relationship capital for you?
Are you raising, providing, neither or both with monetary capital?
What unique skills do you have? Most unique and valuable
skill?
What are you looking for?
Speakers?
Audience assemblers?
Service providers?
More?
How many Ecosystem Mergers do you have?
How high is the quality?
What is happening, what is the deal and how can they be optimized?
Which are optimal Ecosystem Mergers for you?
Which are easiest?

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 117

What are your outcomes for this year in terms of Ecosystem
Mergers?
How are you going to leverage Shared Experiences for the
sourcing of new Ecosystem Mergers?
Which are in process and what can you do to optimize and/or
finalize them?

Chapter 13:
__________________________________
Lever 2: Speaking Engagements

L

ever Two, Speaking Engagements…The Power of The

Stage and the Microphone.
It is the summer of 1997. I am engaged in a labor of love
with my grandmother Nonnie and my mom. We are at a garage
sale. Not just any garage sale, but the garage sale to end all
garage sales, two blocks from my grandmother and grandfather’s home on Long Beach Island, New Jersey.
Few things would I rather do less than go to a garage sale.
However, few things would I rather do more than do something my beloved grandmother, in all of her selflessness, actually loved to do.
God has a beautiful sense of humor and magic.
As my grandmother critiques the pricing on fifty-cent
items that she is sure should be only a quarter, I find the book
section.
Dozens of books are lined up with beaten-up covers. One
looks interesting enough to pick up: How to Make A Fortune
From Public Speaking, by Robert Anthony.
My life would never be the same.
For one dollar and some garage sale time with Nonnie and
my mom, I had my Bruce Springsteen, discover the guitar moment.
Except there was something much more accessible at
stake. This public speaking thing, well, it created a lot more for
everyone, and the guitar did not.
And, as great a guitar player as Bruce Springsteen is, I
quickly realize that he is an even better public speaker.

120 SEAN CALLAGY

Muhammad Ali.
Gandhi.
Nelson Mandela
Joe Rogan.
Bill Gates.
Warren Buffett.
Oprah Winfrey.
Margaret Thatcher.
Beyonce.
John Lennon.
Herb Brooks.
John Wooden.
They all had mastered, amongst other things, the power of
the stage and the microphone.
Implementing Robert Anthony:
From Robert Anthony, to Gerry Spence, How to Argue and
Win Every Time, to Tony Robbins, to Dale Carnegie, and all the
people listed above, I began to truly appreciate the power of
group influence. Integrous Group Influence, as we define it, is
taking a thought from your mind, heart, and soul, and transferring it to a group of people, having it received and acted
upon.
This lever changed my life because it is the bridge from

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 121

Ecosystem Merging at Lever One to exponentially increasing
Sales Meetings at Lever Three.
My life changed forever with a speaking engagement
called You Are At War And You Don’t Even Know It, before
first, The Northern New Jersey Chiropractic Society, and later,
the New Jersey Chiropractic Society.
My sales meetings skyrocketed. It was all over.
I was in shock at the acceleration. Two sales meetings per
month became two sales meetings per day of an incomparably
higher quality.
I also realized that a speaking engagement: was not just a
formal public speaking engagement.
Instead, speaking engagements are any form of group influence. Virtual speaking engagements, billboards, text blasts,
WhatsApp, social media, a book like this, a movie, an infomercial, direct ad copy, or any other thing you can think of that
communicates to more than one person is a speaking engagement, as we define it within this book.
It should be noted that we differentiate a shared experience from a speaking engagement as follows. A shared experience is mostly about bringing together people for the purpose
of meeting and spending time, more than the value of what
you are sharing. A Speaking Engagement is more about your
valuable message to the audience.
For example, a Capital Grille private room dinner where
everyone is mostly randomly chatting is a shared experience.
On the other hand, if at the same Capital Grille private
room, you are teaching five people at the table about estates,
corporate transactions, taxes, investing, drug dealing, or some
other skill set, this changes the game.
The way we use the phrase “speaking engagement” is anything, any messaging that you get out to people. Your website
is a speaking engagement.
You standing in front of a group of people to speak, a text

122 SEAN CALLAGY

blast, an email blast, a video you post online, and any communication expressed to people in an ecosystem counts as a
speaking engagement.
A speaking engagement includes anything that's getting
your messaging out to and in front of humans.
Speaking engagements are necessary to create sales meetings, and sales.
We're going to explore how we create more sales meetings, through ecosystem merging and speaking engagements.
Leakage also may occur from the speaking engagements
into the sales meetings if piping is not set up properly. Suppose you have a speaking engagement, there are 500 people
in attendance, and you only created two sales meetings from
it. There's enormous leakage.
We're going to talk about how you close that leakage. If
you have 500 people at the speaking engagement and you
have 300 sales meetings, obviously it is a lot better than having only two sales meetings. Sales are the product. And those
sales numbers are driven by price as well as the quality of the
avatar.
Let’s check in with a self-assessment.
What is a Speaking Engagement?
What are ten different types of atypical Speaking Engagements?
What is the difference between your speaking platform and
your shared experience platform?
What are two types of stages?
What is the purpose of Speaking Engagements?

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 123

How do you condition the audience?
How many Speaking Engagements are you doing?
How often do you run your own platform?
What are your goals over the next twelve months for quantitative and qualitative growth?
How many paid Speaking Engagements do you intend to
source?

Chapter 14:
__________________________________
Lever 3: Sales Meetings

T

he transition from Lever 3, Sales Meetings, to Lever 4,

Sales, starts with discerning value. The process to identify
what that value is, during Lever 3, is a critical component to
be able to influence later, in Lever 4, which leads to disposable
income in Lever 5.
Understanding what the components of value are is crucial. Value can be completely different for each person, and all
value is not created equally. If no discernible actions are taken
prior to this transition, it can make it almost impossible to influence with integrity. Taking the time to create a value ladder
and really beginning to understand your ideal avatars is an absolute must.
Pairing optimal sales meetings with the right options of
proposals is key. You may have an unbelievable, irresistible
proposal, but with the wrong avatar based on criteria such as
business vertical, geography, or level of success, the results
can be wildly different. This is all in the process in Lever 3, the
sales meeting, leading up to Lever 4, Sales.
This leads to the assessment of the quality of the sales
meetings, which opens up an entirely new conversation about
what a quality sales meeting is. First, does the person know
they are entering into a meeting where they will be offered an
opportunity to make a financial commitment?
If the answer is no, I argue from the beginning this would
not be considered a quality sales meeting. I would even say
that it should not even be considered a sales meeting, and
could be referred to as an alignment call.

126 SEAN CALLAGY

A second determining factor of a quality sales meeting
would be The Who. Are they someone who truly has the resources to be able to say yes to the value that is being offered?
Of course, there is a possibility that anyone can say yes to anything, but when measuring the quality of the meeting, a true
assessment of what the criteria and expectations are, is an unbelievably important factor.
For example, if you are selling private jets, it would make
sense to have a minimum threshold of income in place before
you put your top salesperson on a call. This may seem obvious,
but I can assure you this happens all the time if there is no
process in place.
Another simple example is geography. If your business is
a solar company and you are doing “in-home sales,” you
wouldn’t want your top salesperson to have to travel over two
hours to get to the sales meeting. Not only does this reduce the
time he will have to go on other calls or meetings, but it will
also raise the risk of what could happen if no one is home.
A third example of a suboptimal sales meeting would be
having one of your top sales reps on a sales call with an accountant proposing him or her a 2-week trip to the Bahamas
in March. They would not be leaving on a trip one month before the tax deadline. Many of these things, and countless
other examples may seem like they would never happen, and
you are right that they shouldn’t, but if you don’t discern the
process and criteria upfront in writing, in a process document,
these things not only might happen, they will happen more
times than you can count.
This is not only about quantity. This is where the quality
of the sales meeting becomes critical. Also, what is the process
to determine a quality sales meeting?
Let’s check in for a self-assessment.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 127

What is a sales meeting?
What is not a sales meeting?
How many are you having? How many did you have in 2022
and 2021?
What is your outcome for acceleration over the next twelve
months?
What is the quality of your sales meetings?
How would you rate your sales meetings?
What is your follow-up process for sales meetings?

Chapter 15:
__________________________________
Lever 4: Sales

W

e have now transitioned from Sales Meetings in

Lever 3 to Sales in Lever 4.
When you think of this lever, you may think only of your
ability to go from “hello” to “yes” based on your influence.
What if I said that although, of course influence is a huge piece
of selling, it actually could be rivaled by the process piece of
sales? Imagine you have 2 salespeople and one has a 50%
higher degree of influence. Let’s say both sell the same product for two different companies. One company has a value
stack that provides 3 times the value for double the price. This
will also make the same offer more attractive and will require
less influence to achieve a “yes.”
Higher priced, higher-valued products and services, as
well as lower-priced services can increase revenue in Process
Mastery.
So, salesperson 1 sells 10 products for $1,000 each, while
salesperson 2 only sells 5 products for $2,000 each. The process of adding value allows the weaker salesperson to have
more value to add, making it easier to sell, and also allows for
fewer sales, yet increases revenue.
Another example would be having a process where salespeople have the ability to sell lower-ticket products or services. Not only will this allow lower-skilled salespeople to
bring in revenue, it will also allow them to build influence
skills and confidence. The process of how salespeople can advance to selling higher-priced products and services should be
standardized and clear.

130 SEAN CALLAGY

Another way Process Mastery in this lever can increase
revenue is the through the process of adding incentives for
sales and salespeople, which could also include a process for
those incentives to be tied to a duration of time and time windows. Using real deadlines in service of the client to support
them in saying yes, as well as supporting the salesperson in
their ability to cause yes.
The process of how quickly salespeople get paid will also
determine how effective this process will be. A shorter
timeframe in the action occurring with the person getting paid
can motivate and inspire action exponentially. Measuring and
monitoring in this space is equally as important because a
suboptimal process here will destroy integrity and could have
the opposite effect overall.
Salespeople need to see and know their numbers. The process of seeing dashboards and how their sales compare to the
rest of the team can be the difference between having a completely successful organization or going out of business in less
than a year. If salespeople feel like their numbers are off or
things are not being tracked properly, trust will be lost and so
will sales. Full transparency in the process is absolutely critical.
The process of how a sales meeting transitions to a sale
may be one of the greatest areas of leakage and an area where
everything can collapse. Without this process and piping tight,
measured, and monitored at every turn, you can go from hero
to zero.
A broken process here is catastrophic. What are the systems? How are calendars being used? Who is communicating
with each other for a seamless transition? How well is information being conveyed to the salesperson and what is the process the salesperson goes through? What are the salesperson’s
requirements and what are the expectations for him or her for
each sale? All of these things must be outlined, in writing, and

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 131

thoroughly agreed upon. No affirmative agreement here and
there is disagreement.
The process of how sales move from achieving a yes, to
payment taken, to client services, is also another critical process. You are not done just because a payment is made. What
is the next step in the process? Asking “Who and by when?”
will now move the ball forward. What happens in the next 24
hours is a reflection on everything. Just when the client is excited and looking forward to getting started, a broken process
here can completely destroy trust and give the dreaded
“buyer’s remorse.”
Applying the Formula in selling can be the difference between selling everything or selling nothing. Without a guide
for salespeople to stay consistent and on track, it will make it
very difficult to grow and scale. The process of recording these
sales calls and using the recordings for training is another
must in the sales process. What you don’t monitor, you cannot
innovate on.
Influence Mastery needs to be scored and there needs to
be a process to do that. Self-assessment is important here, but
it is more important for leaders to be able to have a universal
and consistent approach and method to identify good and bad
habits. This is the only way to optimally grow and scale a sales
force.
The ability to also define Process Mastery in any sales process is a very valuable tool. Having the sales team fully understand Process Mastery is a means to take influence to the next
level. Having salespeople present and aware of Process Mastery and its relevance to the sale is key. Blindly having the
sales team follow a process without having them truly understand it, can cause the missing of goals and outcomes.
The sales process can be equally as important as mastering influence.

132 SEAN CALLAGY

Let’s check in with a self-assessment.
What is a sale?
What is not a sale?
How many sales meetings are you having monthly? How many
did you have in 2022? How many did you have in 2021?
What is your outcome for increasing sales this year?
What is your average sale?
How can we raise this?
How can you have more repeat sales?

Chapter 16:
__________________________________
Lever 5: Disposable Income

L

ever Five is Disposable Income. If you have a fully func-

tioning business at any level, and you increase your gross revenue, your disposable income number jumps exponentially.
However, it doesn't increase just by the gross income number
increasing, because disposable income is what you have left
over after business and other living expenses.
Most Americans live paycheck to paycheck and have
$5,000 in their checking and savings accounts combined.
To move that needle for most people, and to increase your
disposable income is massively easy to do. We will show you
the math of how to do it. Why do we care about that? We care
about it because we want to keep leveraging ourselves into
truth. The truth that we're leveraging ourselves into is that by
not having a shared experience, we could be decreasing our
disposable income in the next 12 months, by hundreds of percentages.
Even if money doesn’t matter to you and magic is your top
priority, if you want to create massive impact and become the
next Oprah, if you don't have regular shared experiences, you
have leakage. You’ll either never reach your magic outcome,
or it could take a decade to do so, when you could get there in
just two years if you make .16 screw turns within the math of
your seven levers. And maybe we don't quite get to Oprah. But
maybe we get to a level beyond Tamron Hall’s success and impact.
The Seven Levers are the key to increasing our disposable
income and our money, time, and magic. They are all

134 SEAN CALLAGY

interconnected and flowing to one another. The seven levers
are the key to exponentially increasing your levels of disposable income. And it all starts with shared experiences, and
flows into ecosystem mergers, which flow into speaking engagements, sales meetings, and sales.
Through Lever 0.5 Shared Experiences and Lever 1 Ecosystem Mergers, in his commitment to the Formula, my partner in a financial services company, Rob Gill, went from 8 to
2,000 sales meetings. As a result of his mastery in following
the Formula, he and his team members have generationally
changed their disposable income numbers.
A prime example of disposable income increasing exponentially exists at Callagy Law. How did I have the privilege of
handing someone on the team a one-million-dollar bonus
check?
That million-dollar bonus check came out of this exact
same Formula as a result of our Top 100 National Jury Verdict,
which was a result of Self, Process, and Influence Mastery. And
we could do it over and over and over and over and over again.
Through our commitment to and mastery of The Formula
and the 7 levers, we were able to increase disposable income
for families generationally.
Now, if you think you’re ready to rock just because you
have a podcast that you have people on, we'll talk about the
math of shared experiences, and why we so adamantly and vehemently say that if you're not having someone on who's got
a massive following, it is not optimal to have just one person
on at a time. Use the law of math.
Remember, disposable income is what is left after our
business and life expenses.
Let’s do a self-assessment.
What is disposable income?

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 135

Why is it so critical to understand?
What are your expenses?
What is your gross income?
What is your net income?
What happens if you increase revenue by ten percent, thirtythree percent, one hundred percent, two hundred percent?
Where, if at all, do you need to spend more to service revenue
increase?
What will you do with the disposable income?

Chapter 17:
__________________________________
Lever 6: Contribution

W

elcome to the sixth of the 7 Levers.

A truly successful life goes beyond material wealth and
personal achievements. This lever emphasizes the importance
of giving back, making a difference, and creating a lasting impact in the world. By focusing on contribution, you'll discover
a deeper sense of purpose, fulfillment, and happiness that
comes from helping others and leaving a lasting legacy.
Through heart-centered and direct communication, we will
explore the essence of contribution and understand the vital
role it plays in our lives and businesses.
The Journey Thus Far:
As you've traveled through the first five levers, you've gained
knowledge and experience in:
Shared Experiences: Connecting with others and building
trust.
Ecosystem Merging: Integrating with ideal avatars to create
synergy.
Speaking Engagements: Inspiring and educating your audience.
Sales Meetings: Navigating the landscape of customer interactions.

138 SEAN CALLAGY

Sales: Transforming prospects into loyal customers.
Disposable Income: Maximizing your earnings for personal
and professional growth.
Each of these steps has built upon one another, forming a
strong foundation for the sixth lever: Contribution. As you
continue on this journey, the focus now shifts to the broader
impact of your actions and the power of leaving a lasting, positive mark on the world.
The Importance of Contribution:
Contribution is the ultimate expression of a heart-centered approach to business and life. By dedicating time, resources, and energy to making a difference in the lives of
others, we transcend the pursuit of material gains and tap into
a deeper sense of purpose. Through contribution, we create a
ripple effect of positive change that far outlasts our individual
efforts and becomes an integral part of our legacy.
Three Inspiring Examples of Contribution:
Warren Buffett: As one of the world's wealthiest individuals,
Warren Buffett has made a lasting impact through his philanthropic endeavors. In 2006, he pledged to give away 99% of
his wealth to charitable causes, mainly through the Bill &
Melinda Gates Foundation. Buffett's unwavering commitment
to giving back demonstrates the power of contribution in creating a better world for future generations.
Oprah Winfrey: A media mogul and philanthropist, Oprah
Winfrey has dedicated her life to making a difference. Through
her various foundations, including the Oprah Winfrey Foundation and the Oprah Winfrey Operating Foundation, she has

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 139

contributed millions to education, disaster relief, and social
justice causes. Oprah's spirit of generosity showcases the impact one person can make through the power of contribution.
Elon Musk: The visionary entrepreneur behind Tesla and
SpaceX, Elon Musk has committed to using his vast resources
to tackle pressing global challenges. In 2021, he donated $100
million to establish the XPRIZE Carbon Removal competition,
aimed at developing innovative solutions for climate change.
This example of leveraging resources for the greater good exemplifies the true essence of contribution.
Even raising money for charity and your contributions can
have optimal or suboptimal processes at play. At Unblinded
we teach how to exponentially rise in your ability to fundraise
through a process I created called Sustainable Giving.
The 3 Components of Sustainable Giving:
1. Is this cause just and valid?
2. Is there going to be efficiency of how the charity will do
and what it will do?
3. Recognition / Not anonymous = identity raised:
Acquisition of identity assets, multiplication of relationship capital, monetary capital, and teammates with
unique skills to exponentially make the world an even
greater place.
Through Sustainable Giving, I have raised millions of dollars for charity at non-charity events, including raising over 10
million dollars in 2022. This method is transferrable, and others I have trained in using this have raised millions by using
this process as well.

140 SEAN CALLAGY

Conclusion:
Embracing Lever 6, Contribution, allows you to connect
with your heart's purpose and create a lasting, meaningful impact on the world. By integrating the previous levers and focusing on making a difference, you will not only experience
the joy of giving but also inspire others to follow in your footsteps. As you embody the spirit of the Unblinded Results Formula, let the power of contribution become the driving force
in your life and business.
Integrating Contribution into Your Business and Life:
To fully harness the power of contribution, consider the following practical steps:
Define your mission: Begin by reflecting on what matters most
to you and your business. Identify the values and causes that
resonate with your heart, and craft a mission statement that
aligns with these principles. By clearly defining your mission,
you set a foundation for meaningful and impactful contributions.
Collaborate with like-minded organizations: Seek out partnerships with organizations that share your values and vision.
Through collaboration, you can amplify your impact, learn
from others, and leverage resources to make a greater difference.
Develop a culture of giving: Encourage your team to embrace
a spirit of generosity by integrating philanthropy into your
company culture. Offer volunteer opportunities, match employee donations, or establish a company-wide giving initiative that supports your mission.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 141

Share your story: Use your platform to inspire and educate
others about the importance of contribution. By sharing your
journey and the impact of your efforts, you invite others to join
you in making a difference.
Measure and celebrate your impact: Regularly assess the outcomes of your contributions to ensure they align with your
mission and goals. Celebrate your successes and use them as
opportunities to learn and grow.
The Ripple Effect of Contribution:
As you begin to focus on contribution, you will notice the
ripple effect it creates. Your actions will inspire others, and together, you can transform the world. By leading with a heartcentered approach, you become a beacon of hope and possibility, demonstrating the true power of Integrity Based Human Influence.
Remember that contribution is not a one-time action, but
a lifelong journey. Continually strive to make a positive impact, learn from your experiences, and adapt your approach
as needed. As you embrace the spirit of contribution, you will
find yourself enriched by the joy and fulfillment that comes
from making a difference.
Final Thoughts:
As we conclude our exploration of Lever 6, Contribution,
remember that this is a crucial component of the Unblinded
Results Formula. By integrating contribution into your life and
business, you elevate your journey to one of purpose, impact,
and lasting legacy.
Embrace the heart and math of Process Mastery as you
continue to learn, grow, and evolve.

142 SEAN CALLAGY

It’s time for another self-assessment.
What is contribution?
What are the things we have to give?
How much is that for you now?
How much will that be for you in twelve months?
How much will it be in five years?
How much will it be in ten years?

Chapter 18:
__________________________________
Lever 7: Fun and Magic

F

un & Magic: The 7th Lever:

The final lever is what it is all about. In the end, if it is not
fun and magical, why do it?
As we dive into the world of "Fun & Magic," we invite you
to embrace the joy, wonder, and excitement that life has to offer. In this book, we will discuss the importance of integrating
fun and magic into your professional and personal life, while
sharing practical examples and strategies to help you harness
the power of this final lever.
Remember, success is not just about hard work; it's also
about enjoying the journey, celebrating your milestones, and
creating a life filled with happiness and abundance. So, let's
get started and infuse some "Fun & Magic" into your life!
Section 1: Understanding the 7th Lever – Fun & Magic:
Fun and Magic is the 7th and final lever in the Process Mastery framework for Integrity Based Human Influence. It is an
essential aspect that adds excitement, energy, and fulfillment
to every other lever. Let's briefly recap the previous levers before diving deeper into Fun & Magic:
Shared Experiences
Ecosystem Merging
Speaking Engagements

144 SEAN CALLAGY

Sales Meetings
Sales
Disposable Income
Contribution
Each of these levers plays a vital role in building a successful, integrity-based business and life. But it's Fun & Magic that
ties them all together and keeps us engaged, motivated, and
inspired.
Section 2: The Power of Fun & Magic:
Fun and Magic are more than just mere entertainment or
distractions; they are essential ingredients for sustained success and happiness. When you incorporate Fun & Magic into
your life and business, you:
Boost creativity and innovation
Strengthen relationships and teamwork
Enhance motivation and engagement
Improve productivity and performance
Foster an atmosphere of joy, abundance, and success
By infusing Fun & Magic into your life, you create a magnetic environment that attracts success, happiness, and abundance.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 145

Section 3: Examples of Business Moguls Who Deployed
Fun & Magic:
Let's take a look at three business moguls who have successfully incorporated Fun & Magic into their enterprises:
Richard Branson: Founder of the Virgin Group, Richard Branson is known for his adventurous spirit and penchant for
pushing boundaries. He has built a corporate culture centered
around fun, innovation, and employee happiness. From staff
parties to his annual "Necker Cup" tennis tournament, Branson has made Fun & Magic a core aspect of his business.
Tony Hsieh: The late CEO of Zappos, Tony Hsieh, was a strong
advocate for happiness and fun at work. His vision led to the
creation of a company culture that prioritized employee satisfaction and the delivery of exceptional customer service. Zappos' offices, known for their playful environment,
demonstrated Hsieh's commitment to integrating Fun &
Magic into the workplace.
Elon Musk: As the CEO of Tesla and SpaceX, Elon Musk is no
stranger to innovation and fun. His company events, such as
the Tesla Cybertruck unveiling, are often characterized by an
atmosphere of excitement and awe. Additionally, Musk's ventures into electric vehicles, solar power, and space exploration
all convey a sense of wonder and possibility that embodies the
essence of Fun & Magic.
Section 4: Strategies for Executives and Entrepreneurs to
Deploy Fun & Magic:
Here are some practical ways for executives and entrepreneurs to infuse Fun & Magic into their business:

146 SEAN CALLAGY

Celebrate milestones and achievements: Acknowledge the
hard work and accomplishments of your team by celebrating
significant milestones and achievements. This can include anything from completing a major project to reaching sales targets or celebrating work anniversaries. By celebrating these
accomplishments, you create a sense of pride, motivation, and
unity within your team.
Encourage innovation and creativity: Create an environment
where your team members feel free to experiment, take risks,
and explore new ideas. Encourage brainstorming sessions, allocate time for personal projects, and provide the necessary
resources for innovation. By fostering a culture of creativity
and curiosity, you'll inspire your team to think outside the box
and have fun while doing it.
Organize team-building events and activities: Team-building
events, both on-site and off-site, can help strengthen relationships, build trust, and create a sense of camaraderie among
your team members. These activities can range from workshops and retreats to casual outings or even volunteering opportunities. By investing in team-building events, you'll create
a more cohesive, supportive, and enjoyable work environment.
Integrate humor and playfulness into daily work: Encourage
humor and playfulness in the workplace by sharing jokes,
funny stories, or lighthearted moments with your team. This
can help alleviate stress and create a more enjoyable atmosphere, ultimately boosting productivity and employee satisfaction.
Create a visually inspiring workspace: Design your workspace
to encourage creativity, collaboration, and a sense of wonder.

THE 7 LEVERS OF MARKETING 147

This can include incorporating bright colors, artwork, and
comfortable seating areas that invite people to relax, unwind,
and share ideas.
Offer flexible work arrangements: By providing flexible work
arrangements, such as remote work or flexible hours, you can
empower your team members to find the work-life balance
that works best for them. This can lead to increased productivity, job satisfaction, and personal fulfillment.
Fun & Magic is the final piece of the puzzle in mastering the 7
Levers of Process Mastery. By incorporating Fun and Magic
into every aspect of your business and personal life, you create
an environment that promotes creativity, innovation, and
happiness.
As you continue to refine your skills and implement the principles of Integrity Based Human Influence, never forget the
importance of Fun & Magic. Embrace the joy and wonder of
life, and remember that success is about enjoying the journey
and celebrating the milestones along the way. With Fun &
Magic as your guiding force, you'll unlock the full potential of
the 7 Levers and create a life filled with happiness, abundance,
and success.
Now it's time to take action. Start implementing the strategies
shared in this book and infuse Fun & Magic into your life and
business. You'll be amazed at the transformation that occurs
as you embrace the power of the 7th Lever.
Let’s check in for a Fun and Magic self-assessment.
What is fun and magic?
What is fun and magic for you?

148 SEAN CALLAGY

How would you like to increase your fun and magic over the
next twelve months?
How would you like to increase your fun and magic over the
next five years?
How would you like to increase your fun and magic over the
next ten years?
How would you ultimately like to increase your fun and
magic?
Where do we go from here? Come join us at one of our live
or virtual immersions to see what you don’t see about, and to
actualize, the exponential acceleration of your money, time,
and magic!
Our primary immersions are on Influence Mastery, Self Mastery, Marketing and Sales Process Mastery, and Integrous
Group Influence Mastery.
Take advantage of your complimentary one on one Unblinding
session or attend one of our immersions by contacting Unblinded at 732-672-9002 or going to

www.unblindedmastery.com
This is real.
Have the conversation now if you are ready to accelerate
your business and life as you know is possible.

