Do you want to become the speaker that everyone wants? This book has the answer.
For example, the most important critical piece of any speaking engagement you have by
the far not close is to open the listening, the hearts, minds of the audience and here's
how. The read part, what if conditional question. For example, what if, what if this is the
day that everything changes? The audience pauses, frees, listening is open. This is
what's allowed me to be on stages all over the world. Tony Robbins, Disney, T-Mobile,
Salesforce, the biggest place in the world, top jury verdicts and you can too. People pay
$5,000 to learn in a training the contents of this book in the Cayman Islands. It's yours
for free. If you cover shipping and handling, why would we do this? Because we're
looking for integrous influence masters that want to make the world a greater place and
their own mission and business become more abundant. I'm Sean Callagy if that's you,
click the link, fill out the form and let's begin a lifelong relationship.
So people say like, Oh, I just, I just don't have a good memory. I just don't remember
things. You just weren't a great memory. Like I disagree. I don't believe any of that. It's
your skillset at learning. That muscle just needs to be developed more. I realized that
you can grow and master how to learn. And that distinction changed. That was the
game changer of my life. Like I knew I could learn and train to be a better baseball
player, football player, wrestler. I did not know that you can train how you can learn and
actualize anything. The brain science says every word I've said to you about myself is
true. You want to decide that your identity is I can master learning. You want to choose
that identity right now. Say yes.
Do you want to become the speaker that everyone wants? This book has the answer.
For example, the most important critical piece of any speaking engagement you have by
far not close is to open the listening, the hearts, minds of the audience, and here's how.
Three part, what if conditional question. For example, what if? What if this is the day
that everything changes? The audience pauses, freeszes listening is opened. This is
what's allowed me to be on stages all over the world. Tony Robbins, Disney, T-Mobile,
Salesforce, the biggest place in the world, top jury verdicts, and you can too. People
pay $5,000 to learn in a training the contents of this book in the Cayman Islands. It's
yours for free. If you cover shipping and handling, why do we do this? Because we're
looking for integrious influence masters that want to make the world a greater place and
their own mission and business become more abundant. I'm Sean Callagy if that's you,
click the link, fill out the form, and let's begin a lifelong relationship.
Do you want to become the speaker that everyone wants to have on their stage? This
book gives you the secrets. Here's a key takeaway. The opening matters 10,000 times
more than anything that happens between it and the finish. Here's how you create a
powerful, masterful, world-class opening to get you the highest scores and become that
speaker. First, you have conditional questions. Triple them up. What if questions. What
if. What if this is the day. What if this is the day that everything changes. Triple up on
your what if questions. You open the listening of the audience. Shock them. Draw in
their attention. Then go to a temporal cold opening. It means pick a time and a date in
the present tense. It is January 28th, 1997. And having no expectation of anything, I
walk up to the books being sold for a dollar. That takes the audience right into the day,

the moment they're now with you. So you've opened their listening and brought them
with you. No one else on that stage will be able to do that. This is why I've been on Tony
Robbins, Disney, T-Mobile, Salesforce, Top Jury Verdicts revamped jury verdict
consulting process to achieve things that are mind-blowing and Incomprehensible. And
it's not magic. It's advanced science. And it's yours in the pages of this book. $5,000
people paid for it. Traveled all the way to the Cayman Islands. You can have it for free if
you just cover the shipping and handling and fill out the form by clicking that link. Why
would we do this? Because we're looking for you. And we're looking for you if you are
an Integrous Influence Master in the making and want to make the world a greater place
and drive your business and mission forward. Click the link, fill out the form, and let's get
to know each other and build a lifelong relationship of Integrous Impact. My name is
Sean Callagy
Do you want to be the best speaker by far not close at your next speaking engagement?
Here's how openings are everything. If you do not open the listening of the audience,
nothing happens. Here's how conditional what if questions or present tense dynamic.
Two quick examples. First, what if, what if this is the day? What if this is the day that
changes your life forever? Triple what if question. Other way to do it is it is January
25th, 2026 and Joey's thinking back to that day. Present tense specific tonal variations.
Open the listening of the audience. Blow minds after everybody's like, oh well this is a
very nice day that we're here and I'll try to find my notes. Yuck. Try these conditional
openings. Hear the listening of the audience open. The awe, the shock, the pause. It's
all there for you. If you want to unlock all of the ways to master group influence, click the
link and you will receive this book that people pay more than $5,000 to receive and flew
to the Cayman Islands for for free. If you just cover shipping and handling, why would
we do this? Because we're looking for you. If you're someone who wants group
influence integrity to make the world a greater place and to build your business and or
My name is Sean Callagy. This has allowed me to speak on the largest, most impactful
stages in the world, consistently receiving the highest scores and you can too. See you
soon.
How do you become a master of pitching, hooking, closing? Stop thinking about
pitching, hooking, and closing human beings. What's the alternative? Integrous
agreement formation. What the heck is that? It's the causing of yes rooted in integrity.
Integrity is by being transparent. Tell people your intentions. By adding more value than
you receive. And finally, the thing that you says can do that thing can actually do it. With
transparency, with adding more value you take, and the thing actually works, your
service is your product. Now we're in an integrous agreement formation and the
mindset's completely different. And that person will not act like a deer running away
when you have food. Something of value to integrously provide. My name is Sean
Callagy To learn this and hundreds of more things about individual and group influence,
this book, Group Influence Mastery, people paid $5,000 for the training around it and its
contents and flew to the Cayman Islands. And now it's yours for free if you just cover the
shipping and handling. Why would we do this? Because we're building an army, a
group, a team, a chosen family of people of integrous influence that wanna make the
world a greater place and their business and or mission even greater. If that's you, I'm

Sean Callagy Get this book and let's explore a lifelong relationship beginning with
adding value for you integrously.
How many people in the room have ever been to any type of personal development
experience or professional development experience where you were told, you were
encouraged, prompted to be incredibly open and vulnerable about wildly painful, if not
traumatic things as a foundational connection source of the room? If you've ever been in
that, say yes. 100% that's not happening here. I believe fundamentally it is unhealthy for
people to be connected in their trauma. And so when people have trauma, they have
pain and they want to feel better about their pain. And if you have some level of trauma
that's ever happened to your life, say yes. If you have never had anything traumatic
happen to you, I didn't say you've gotten over it, but you've never had a traumatic
experience of any kind, say yes. Do you see the pattern? So how easy it could be to
manipulate and cause people to go to the most traumatic experiences or cry and hug
each other to make us recreate our childhoods, connect up in super unhealthy ways
because the foundation principle that we're going to offer and invite you into is this first
unconditional love. The first is unconditional love with boundaries. The second is
unconditional respect for people, the loving of people, the respect of people, not loving
their actions, not respecting their actions, at least all of them, but loving and respecting
all people. I invite you into this and I propose to you, it is fundamental for you to win the
game of what you're seeking in your money, time and magic, because this distinction is
so vital for folks. As you manage your teams, you ecosystem merge, you seek to work
with clients. The highest level of trust has to be earned over years, has to be earned
over opportunities for people to hurt you and they don't. That's when trust is earned. So
if we're in an environment with a whole bunch of people that paid some money to get in
a room and we're all of a sudden like all like telling each other our deepest, darkest
secrets, that's really unhealthy because it's giving a wildly inappropriate level of trust to
strangers.
What if there is actually a way? What if the way is actually right in front of you? And
what if the way that is actually right in front of you can be learned and mastered by
every single one of you to actualize your true mission, vision, and purpose in the world?
When we are ourselves in all places and always at all times with hierarchical societal
appropriateness, we can win the game of everything.
Pre-gaming, what are you doing? Martin Luther King Day. From all our hearts, thank
you Dr. King for everything. You keep impacting the world on this day. 600 registered inhouse lawyers. We're gonna see you in a little bit with the team. I hope you have a great
day. Thanks In-House Connect. Thank you, Shai. And of course, last second, Tink is
crushing as she always does. Michael Smiken looking lovely in his blazer. We're ready
to go. Again, thanks Shai In-House Connect. We'll see you in a bit. While firms want to
meet with in-house attorneys, more in-house attorney meetings set up today than most
lawyers would have in three years of their life. Thank you, Shai. Thank you, In-House
Connect. Thank you, Unblinded. Thank you, Formula. Thank you, Fernando Valencia.
Let's go get to things. Great job today, Tink. Michael Johnson, thanks for being here on

Martin Luther King Day. Thank you, Michael Smigand, outstanding job. And we are all
blind and just learn to see. It's right there in front of you. See you.
So every time you think of Disney and the overwhelming magnitude of it, just think Walt
Disney was an animator who had a job, who got fired, created a company and it closed
in the same year, created another company and went bankrupt two years later, had
something that seemed to catch traction and then that ended, Alice in Wonderland. And
then create Oswald the Rabbit, it's like here we go and that gets ripped out from Under
Him, Egoism Partnership gone, then creates Mickey Mouse and even after that has a
nervous breakdown a couple years later at the age of 31. So before there's billions and
zillions and trillions and quadrillions of Disney, there's a very humble beginning for a guy
with a huge vision, huge dreams that is getting hounded on by life and its circumstances
and he keeps ecosystem merging, keeps innovating and expanding.
While I was broke, I was only broke because I was living paycheck to paycheck. And if I
changed my sales meeting numbers, I could put a lot of money together really fast. And
it's like, what's holding me back from doing that? Nine new sales meetings per month.
Come on, man. Nine new sales meetings a month to 12x the disposable income. That's
exactly what I did to buy my first beach house. I realized this and I'm like, what? And if
with love, if you're not like, holy S, then we're missing each other. Nine new sales
meetings a month. It's real. And if anybody doesn't believe that this is true, what we just
said, tell me where it's not. I could do this in my sleep. It's boring. And so can you.
shockwave, biocup, concussed, adjusted, what else have I been doing? Percussed.
Percussed? So, Sean was, Sean had decompression done on his spine. He had
myofascial release work, right, using a percussor. He was adjusted, he had drop
technique going on, we did manual adjustments as well, we balanced out brain function,
and then we did shockwave therapy, and we'll see if he can stand up right now. You
balanced his brain? Yeah, we balanced out his brain, you know. You got your brain
balanced. I did. So, here's what Dr. Roger Sahoury is saying, you don't need to get on
an airplane and go talk to any of those people, you just need to drive five minutes from
the office. Is that what I'm hearing, Doc? That's it. That's it. That's what he's saying.
Because we're all blind, and Dr. Roger Sahoury is not about the body, this is the man.
So, we love him and appreciate them, and we're just learning to see. God bless. God
bless.
what you're doing, what you're being, is a human that loves people unconditionally.
That's there to have them feel seen, heard, and understood. Then, to determine how, if
at all, you can help them solve their pain. Because we all have pain. Oprah Winfrey has
pain. Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Katy Perry, all have pain. I'm not sure if I could solve
Katy Perry's pain. I'm not really sure what it is. So I'm not gonna drive into having a
conversation with Katy Perry, but if I were to meet her, I would want her to feel seen,
heard, and understood. And if her feeling seen, heard, and understood, from that place,
I'd be on the lookout for ways I could help and add value.

So do you want to raise your sales meetings? Yes or no? So in the desire to raise your
sales meetings, the way we do it is through ecosystem merging and speaking. Yes?
Okay. So how many of you, how many people in this room are speaking on somebody
else's platform that way, at least four times a month, where you can do a specific call to
action? If you're doing it four times a month where you can do a specific call to action,
say yes. If we want to raise our sales meetings, that's the key.
Hey, so the question that was just asked how do you find the energy after three days of
going till midnight, plus the Christmas and holiday party, after Your Becoming a blind
event for day four? Well, first of all, my body feels like it got hit by a Mack truck, but I
have my body worked on beautifully and extensively. And the why is also fully present,
to serve people, to cause things to rise, like to serve my higher power, I'll call it God,
you can call it whatever you want. And there's chemicals, there's drugs, and the drug is
endorphins. Put it in your body, get it ready to go. That's what it looks like. We can find
an endless reservoir, and I say this scroll from OG MANDINO,, thanks to my higher
power and those blessings, today I master my emotions, my states, my confronts, my
truths, my boundaries, my health, my vitality, and my never-ending reproducible source
of energy. See you soon, you got this.

So what if there's actually change the world school? And what if it starts with eating
pizza when you're 62.5% in, with the you're becoming blinded immersion? Now, it's
unbelievable what's been happening. We just broke down influence, the prism of a few
good men, and people were mind blown, superpower of influence, change the world
school, here you're becoming unblinded, love you, appreciate you, let's all go make that
world a greater place and realize that if they can do it, you can do it. If they can do it,
you can do it. See you soon.
Why wouldn't I do 12 sets of putting an endorphins a day into my body? Why wouldn't I
do that? Well, it's just weird. It's extreme. Like you're going to get on the ground and like
public. Yes. I don't like try to make a, like a thing of it, but I'll go in the bathroom, go in
the bathroom stall, put paper towels in the floor and do it. Yes. Why wouldn't I do that? If
it's going to make me more loving, more generous, more creative, more resilience, more
present, more powerful, more strong, less avoidant, less anxious, less overwhelmed.
Why wouldn't I do that? What am I going to do? Like take drugs to feel better. I, I want
to produce, I want to provide, I want to create.
Why wouldn't I do 12 sets of putting in endorphins a day into my body? Why wouldn't I
do that? Well, it's just weird. It's extreme. Like, you're going to get on the ground in
public? Yes! I don't want to try to make a thing of it, but I'll go in the bathroom. I'll go in
the bathroom stall, put paper towels in the floor, and do it. Yes! Why wouldn't I do that?
If it's going to make me more loving, more generous, more creative, more resilient, more
present, more powerful, more strong, less avoidant, less anxious, less overwhelmed,
why wouldn't I do that? What am I going to do? Take drugs to feel better? I want to
produce. I want to provide. I want to create.

Hey, how do you get yourself ready to speak to so many people day after day? Sean
Cally, come from, you're becoming Unblinded We're doing Influence beginning day
today. How do you open the listening of human beings, the dynamic of not being the
lawyer of my cousin Vinny, or even Vinny at the beginning of the movie, but what does it
look like when we can actually get our messaging through? But how do you prepare for
that? First of all, you gotta love people. Second of all, Fernando Valencia's coming out
right now is to serve people at the highest level, and you gotta get yourself in your body.
Cortisol is the enemy, endorphins are the thing. We'll see you soon. Coming from YBU
in New Jersey. See you at the Christmas party.
What is modeling and preparing to speak with a thousand people look like? Over the
next four days between our Christmas and holiday party, the You're Becoming
Unblinded event live virtually, we're going to be speaking with a thousand people and
providing experience. How do you do that? Modeling, but who? May we model the heart
and empathy of Snow White, Mother Teresa, and Bruce Springsteen. May we model the
personal development and wisdom of Napoleon Hill, Jim Rohn, and Tony Robbins. May
we model the resiliency and influence of Oprah Winfrey and the 12 apostles. May we
coaching lead with the power, truth, and mastery of Vince Lombardi, John Wooden, and
Herb Brooks. It is modeling these incredible folks and more that You're Becoming
Unblinded and our Christmas and holiday party with Unblinded Calgary Law are about
to bring forth. If you have heart, integrity, and want more, there's still a chance for you.
See you soon.
which cause do you choose? And the key distinction is remembering that the greatest
way to differentiate your cause is to actually provide value for the people involved. And
that's how we come up with our model of sustainable giving. So it's all a value
exchange, whether you're selling a product or service or raising money to invest in a forprofit company or philanthropic fundraising, it's all the same thing. It's what's the value,
what's the integrity, yes, you're going to cause. And when people revert to that begging
approach to, oh, it's a great cause and do something nice and be in your heart, people
can be like, dude, I'm in my heart. How much money you have to charity last year? So if
it's just give money because it's a good cause, that the, I believe a tremendously
suboptimal way to approach it. And if you approach it from the space of causing yes
with any group is how do you create the most value for the group? That's the
fundamental essential that unites charitable fundraising from for-profit business.
How do you cause yes with integrity, with sophisticated and successful people? This
group-influenced work, which is, in my opinion, the only attainable superpower for you,
it's what will create the acceleration that you're seeking in your business. There's
nothing more powerful than the stage and the microphone. From Martin Luther King to
John F. Kennedy, Bruce Springsteen, Oprah Winfrey, Tony Robbins, Warren Buffett,
Donald Trump, Joe Biden, Barack Obama, whatever president you think of and seek,
like them or not, the superpower of group influence is what causes everything to
accelerate. This is not just about money, it's about all the influence and impact you
wanna create in the world. If that's something that resonates with you because you

wanna create more, you know there's something inside of you to bring forward with
people, this group-influenced book will be the number one thing online you've ever
viewed that is a gift to begin a lifelong relationship. It is real and how to do this, and this
is what's caused incredible things in my life, and I wanna give it to you.
All business is built on relationships. That is just a fundamental truth. All your financial
abundance is built on relationships, everything. You're like, well, I don't have a
business. Well, do you wanna do something in real estate? That's a business. You're
gonna create deals with people. I'm like, well, I'm just an employee somewhere, okay.
But you can create an opportunity, I guarantee you. If you can cause yes, in what word?
If you can cause what? Yes. It is the only attainable superpower. The ability to cause
yes allows you to create relationships which allow you to create everything of value.
What if your business in 2024 can grow in every way you know it can, but never seems
to get there? On December 14, 15, 16, 17, in New Jersey or virtually, your becoming a
Bond is going to support you in seeing what you don't see, but exponentially growing
your financial abundance of your business of practice, the time for you, the scaling and
the impact that you truly want to have with your team, the culture, the energy, all of the
things you want to experience. That's what we're called. My mission in the world is to
bring the truth of how business acceleration actually happens. I've done it over and over
for myself and over and over for the incredible people from all professions, attorneys,
accounts, financial service providers, who we learn how to do all these things, coach,
trainer, speaker, author, philanthropist, private real estate investment, equity, hedge
fund folks, venture capitalists, all the people from the private markets, everyone comes
here and says, I've never seen anything like this. All massively skeptical. Our world is
the world of sophisticated, the heart-centered, those that are ready to truly become
unblinded.
Every decision every human being makes produces cortisol and creates a level of fear
for us. This is the most powerful self-mastery tool is how to put endorphins into your
body. Have you heard that endorphins are good for you? If yes, say yes. Have you
heard that you should work out and put endorphins in your body, work out like in the
morning or maybe at night? If you heard that, say yes. Have you ever heard anyone tell
you that you should put endorphins into your body intentionally 12 times plus a day?
That's my hack. I do this now. I did 717 pushups yesterday. I will do 718 pushups today.
I was doing pushups backstage before I came on. I did pushups when I got out of bed
this morning. And it's not for fitness. It is because cortisol is my enemy. And when we
open our eyes and everything we do, cortisol is produced.
If you're ready to see the scariest thing for human beings in the world, scarier than
double black diamonds, scarier than sharks, scarier than surfing in hurricanes, if you're
ready for something so unbelievably scary, say yes. And the value of it is everything.
People fear public speaking more than death. That is group influence. That is scarier for
most people than death. But the building of that, the ability to speak in front of people,
and the ability to build a platform. If you're up for this, say yes. For real. If you realize the
truthful power of this, say yes.

What if your business in 2024 can grow in every way you know it can, but never seems
to get there on December 14, 15, 16, 17, in New Jersey or virtually you're becoming a
bond. That's going to support you in seeing what you don't see, but exponentially
growing your financial abundance, the time freedom and the impact that you truly want
to have. That's what we're causing. My mission in the world is to bring the truth of how
business acceleration actually happens. I've done over and over for myself and over
and over for the incredible people from all professions, attorneys, accounts, financial
service providers. You'll learn how to do all these things. Coach, trainer, speaker,
author, philanthropist, private real estate investment, equity, hedge fund folks, venture
capitalists, all the people from the private markets. Everyone comes here and says, I've
never seen anything like this. They're all massively skeptical. Our world is the world of
the sophisticated, the heart centered, those that are ready to truly become unblinded.
So why does Rob Gill have a new nickname for me? What's my new nickname? Mr.
Nuclear. Why is that? He hit the nuclear button because I ran the business out of the
Bayonne garage. And he's hitting the nuclear button. So listen, here's the story. Nobody
gets the nuclear when we're transparent, loving, and integrity. If you're not a
transparent, loving, and integrity, like some people have been. Sometimes we don't
know what we don't know. We've been running things for 20 years. But does anybody
want to get Mr. Nuclear out there? No, no, don't do it. Actually, if you want to do it, let
me know in advance so I can watch it unfold. And then I can watch the backside of it
come together. Yes, but we don't change integrity for fun. Or we don't change loyalty for
courage. And we do want to help everybody every morning. And that's a subtle
message out there. Love everybody. Just learn and receive.
one of your five greatest superpowers in business, the power of the stage and the
microphone, when done with integrity. We're heading out to Epic tonight. Our company,
Rob Gill, love you brother, Chris Krohn, let's go do the things. We're having an
incredible webinar this evening, an accelerator in the space of financial services and
abundance. Can't wait to go down to Red Bank. We're rocking the things on the way
down. Bella Verita, are you ready? I'm ready! We're ready to go do the things. John
Kelly's back in action after a few days of commission. I am ready. And we're heading
down tonight. So for you, where are you speaking? How are you co-creating magic,
ecosystem merging, speaking? They're not buzzwords, they're real things. We'll see you
soon post-game from Red Bank, our Epic offices.
The dynamic of pausing when you're speaking is fundamental and essential because
it's during the pause that the audience processes, absorbs, and feels. And without the
pause, nothing happens. Let's go two different ways. A dream is a wish that your heart
makes Minnie Mouse. It's in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped Tony
Robbins. Versus a dream is a wish that your heart makes. Makes. It's in our moments of
decision that our destiny is shaped Tony Robbins. You're processing, you're feeling,
energy is built, energy is transferred. It doesn't have to be overly dramatized. It doesn't
have to be Al Pacino drama. Pauses are done by comedians. Pauses are done by

sports leaders. Pausing transfers and builds different energies. And the same
conversation can do different things.
What is Dr. Bart Rademaker doing at the bar? The guy is head of the entire medical
universe at Date With Destiny. Lives are in the man's hands. I walk up, I see him at the
bar. Nothing could be further from the truth. This brother, for two decades and a half,
has been at the highest level of service in the Tony world. Medically loving people,
couldn't be more humble doing things. Dr. Bart Rademaker thank you for everything you
do. Thank you for who you are in the world. Why do you do it? What's on your heart? By
the way, this brother is about democratizing healthcare, medicine, maximizing treatment
protocols, and innovating getting people well. Love you brother, what's on your heart?
Thank you so much. I just love what I do. I wanna change the world. I want people to
get access to all those health solutions out there, and afford them at the same time.
That's my mission, and that's my love. That's it brother. And if you have any final, final
things to say about the space of influence, causing, yes, your heart, what's happening?
So I've been in the world of personal development for the last 25 years. I never thought
I'd get into it, because shoot, I'm a doctor, and I'm very educated, but realize that's
where all the answers are. And finally, this last four months with you, it's absolutely
accelerated everything that I've been working on for the last 20 years. And it's made me
know that I've got the magic, that I'm gonna make that magic happen. And it's because
of what I'm learning from you. I mean, hands down, so thank you for that. Thank you
brother. And Dr. Bart's incredible son, Evan, watch out. This man's bringing magic to the
world. And of course, Bella Verita, thank you for everything, and we're all blind. And just
learning to see. Awesome, thank you.
graduation day. Six years Tony Robbins Platt, five years Tony Robbins Lions, come in
at these steps hundreds of times at the convention center here at the Hilton in West
Palm. And the sense of emotion, gratitude, butterflies, fear, trepidation, all of it. And the
message for this, for all of us, is sometimes you have to disrupt and break patterns to
take things to another level. This ecosystem, if you've not been a Platt, you are a Platt. I
mean, use this forever, for every minute and every second. And then get to a place
when you know you have to shake up and change a pattern to take yourself to the next
level. And that's where I'm at. And these days and times are challenging, heavy,
beautiful, gorgeous, every single part of it. Could not be more thankful to Tony Robbins,
Platt & Partnership, everything he's brought to my life. A lot of emotions in these steps.
So what pattern must be broken for you? And no matter how hard, how challenging, so
you can live your life's mission, vision, purpose to the next level. That's the question for
today. Thanks.
So James, again, thank you brother for everything. Love you. And some of the most
amazing and fun times that we've ever had. We've body surfed in New Jersey. We've
skied in blizzard like snow and sun valley. Tearing it up with you guiding me This dude
is such an incredible athlete. Dropping down black diamonds with Sean right on my
heels, man. I had to go full out just so I wouldn't get run over. Just to give you an idea. It
felt like just such a brotherhood of just of living. You know, Oscar Wilde says, to live is
the rarest thing in the world. That is all. Tony obviously embodies that as our great

mentor and leader. And you do as well. And to just like share those times with you have
been utterly remarkable. And yeah. Right back at you, Sean. And honestly, I owe you.
You're the guy that taught me how to surf. That's right, yes. You taught me to surf. Five
foot waves in New Jersey. And you are a beast. Thanks, brother. And this is not the end
but the beginning. And I've said it was like super clear. It's not like I'm graduating from
Tony. Like I'm graduating and declaring my graduation from Platinum Lions. I will learn
from Tony until the day I die. And I will support and serve his mission until the day I die.
I'm just gonna do it in new and different ways now. And you know, in the ways that I
think I can amplify how I honor and serve and repay all that he's brought to my life. And
so brother, this is just the beginning of a new chapter and journey. And it's, feels like
high school graduation day where it's like a day that comes that you feel deep emotion
and gratitude. It's all this like I'm scared. You know, I feel uncertain. I feel butterflies.
You know, and part of making these videos and saying these things is so I don't go back
and check it out. Yeah. You know, and that's all part of it. So thank you for all the
moments we spent in hotel rooms together. Yeah. Don’t read into that And all of it.
Yeah. So any final final words on your heart? Sean, I know you're gonna go on and do
even greater things. And I'm just glad to call you my friend. Thank you brother. Yeah.
And love you and appreciate you. Right on brother. All the best. And lots more to come.
So we'll see you guys and thank you. And we all come to graduation day, but it never
ends. Don't worry. Thank you.
People say it's not what you know, it's what? Who? Wrong. They say that and it's
incorrect because it's not what you know, it's not who you know and it's not just who
knows you, it's who knows you and what is the friction between you and them to cause
yes. The ability to cause yes.
Would you like to be a superhero? Yes. Like just yell out your favorite superhero ever.
On three. One, two, three, yell it out. If you're a fan of Flash, say yes. If you want to be
Batman, say yes. If you want to be Wonder Woman, say yes. If you want to be
Superman, say yes. Yes. My mission is to cause superheroes. We're all perfectly
imperfect. Superheroes perfect, yes or no? No. No. Right? That's the fun of it, the magic
of it. Batman, Superman have crisis of conscience. Spider-Man, all the Marvel
characters, Iron Man all have crises and challenges. Every one of them. Wonder
Woman, they have crises of ethics, morals, decision making, conflict. They are perfectly
imperfect humans, but what they do is find a way to give profoundly unique value in the
world. Isn't that what superheroes do? If you agree with that, say yes. Yes. Yes.
First thing you should learn is to run shared experience. All business, all charity, all
everything is built on relationships, number one. Number two, all relationships are built
on shared experiences. And third, so the question becomes, if all business is built on
relationship, one, and two, all relationships are built on shared experiences, what
shared experiences are you causing in the world, are you having and holding, to be
introducing, adding value to your ideal avatar? How do you provide value for them in
many shared experiences? That's exactly where to start.

What if you should only have one enemy, just one enemy? And what if the enemy's not
even a person, but the cortisol that is produced by your body in the fight or flight
response all day long, everything we do produces cortisol. So today, working from
home, managing, waiting call after call after call after call after call all day long, driving
forward, and even with incredible people, this has been a magical day, every time we
communicate, cortisol is built up because we create decisions. The fear of failure, of
making a mistake builds up that cortisol. Endorphins are the answer, what if 12 times a
day at a minimum, you put endorphins into your body? This is the greatest hack in peak
performance ever, ever. And it's recent, two and a half months I've been doing this, I
feel super human, not like overpowering people, more loving, more generous, more
present, all of the things that you wanna feel and have on the other side of endorphins,
battling cortisol, that's the game, stay tuned for more advice and thoughts on this, see
you soon.
What are the four necessary qualities of being a great speaker? A fundamental
essential upleveling your speaking to a different place is to realize that it's a skill. It's a
science. It's not genetic. It's not magical. And once you know, number one, that if they
can do it, you can do it, that it's a science, and it can be mastered, and there's a formula
for it, but a formula that's not formulaic. The second essential component is to
understand and know what emotional rapport with your audience truly means. It doesn't
mean that you have some connection. Third essential component is realizing and
knowing that you have to transfer energy. We talk about group influence that applies to
public speaking, where you're communicating with more than one human. The fourth
fundamental component of being a world-class speaker is that the courage to be
everything, to give everything, to let everything be present, hold nothing back out of
fear, to courageously step forward, to be in your own heart, to touch the hearts and
souls of every human in that room. That's what makes you a world-class speaker.
Some of us have heard, overcome an objection with feel, felt, found, yuck. We don't
wanna do anything that's scripted. We wanna really authentically love people,
authentically be present to people's heart, their system, their nervousness. What's really
going on inside of them is cortisol is being fired off. Take a breath to settle, to be
present to people, and then we can begin to move ahead, and it never ends. We never
wanna have somebody feel not seen, not heard, not understood, never not validated.
What a validation means is that we're saying, hey, it's totally normal that you feel that
way. People feel that way. Anybody in these circumstances would feel the way that you
do. Having them feel their emotions are valid, and acknowledging what you're hearing,
like, hey, what I'm hearing you say is, right, and then validating that it's normal to feel
the way that they do.
first 10 to 15 seconds is unquestionably the most important part of your group influence,
your talk. Whether it be 10,000 people, a management situation, a leadership situation,
those first 10 to 15 seconds are without a doubt the most important part of your talk,
period. Why? Because primacy psychologically is the most vital thing. People are gonna
remember how you make them feel and they're gonna associate it to their initial
impression of you. We can recover from it if we make a mistake, but primacy is first,

recency is second. So your final 15 to 30 seconds is the second most important part.
And yes, if your first 15 to 30 seconds and your final 15 to 30 seconds is outstanding in
a 30-minute speech, you're gonna be remembered and you're gonna do phenomenally
even if the rest of it is just okay. So, but we don't want the rest to just be okay, but that
first 15 to 30, the last 15 to 30, that is essentially 95% of the entire game.
Mastery tip, pro tip, do not listen to speak. Seek to understand. Be curious, be in your
heart, feel their heart, then you can clarify the objection optimally. And people often ask
me, do you really do this? Is this how you really talk? The answer is yes. And when it's
appropriately in the communication, done in a masterful way with the four steps, 12
indispensable elements, four energies, I speak exactly this way. And sometimes, I can't
overcome every objection that actually should be overcome. Not every time, but I can
tell when people are lying to me. I can tell when there's something else there that
they're not sharing, and there's another reason I can begin to logically put together
what's actually happening. Whether that's a witness in a lawsuit, whether it's somebody
not saying yes to a selling or marketing question, whether it's somebody in a team
management meeting with leadership, and they resist and inquire, I can tell when
something else is present, and I know I've gotta get to the truth, or that person, we can't
be working through the thing. I gotta get to the truth to cause yes. That's what's present.
So as we think about this in our human mind, the linear mind, it's very difficult to
perceive the exponential differences in what people have. And I think Oprah Winfrey
brings this so present clear. Oprah Winfrey has 25,000 times the net worth of the
median American household. So what does all that mean? It means that when people
are walking around looking the same, reasonably similar intelligence, reasonably similar
physical appearance, the results people are producing are so exponentially different.
And it's not hard work, and I'm certain it's not luck. What I am absolutely certain of is the
ability that people have to influence individuals, groups of people, how all that comes
together to create exponential and extraordinarily different results.
How do you wanna feel and how do you wanna start your day? This is never telling
people you should be ashamed, you should do something different. It's like what's there
for you? But what if you could choose how you feel? And what if you could choose a
whole different way to create different results? And yes, it's weird. It's November, it's 45
degrees out. I just had the privilege of doing a number of different things in the morning,
but I'm not alone. There's other people out there surfing. And it's 50 something degrees,
55 degrees in the water. It's 45 degrees out and people make an intentional choice.
That's not to say you have to go surfing in cold weather, which is something extreme to
be different. But if you want different results, you have to follow different patterns. So
here's my quick morning. Take from it what you will, but it's choice. So I got up at 5.45
this morning with the amazing Adam Gugino, team Nicole Maiello, Fernando Valencia,
and rocked it out with an internal founders meeting, At Unblinded did, for two hours,
virtually, and created so much acceleration. That's okay, like two hours done. And by
the way, I woke up and did my first set of putting endorphins in my body, pushups,
crunches, body weight squats, did two more sets during the meeting to keep feeling
great, like making choices how you feel. And then said, okay, time to go surfing, let's go.

So got out in the water, crazy, right? People are gonna be like, you don't go surfing in
New Jersey in late November, which is not what you do. But people do, and I'm not the
only one. And how you put these things together. So got the work stuff done, now it's
nine o'clock in the morning. Now it's time for family and loved ones, right? So here I am,
like Selena's ready to rock and roll, Mona, incredible mom, doing all the most beautiful
things, could not be more grateful for everything. And now we're gonna have breakfast
and do something cool and amazing and magical. And so advance the cause of life in
other ways, all of it, it's nine o'clock in the morning. So you could sleep in till nine,
there's no judgment whatsoever. But what if you made a more intentional decision to
produce different results in all the different ways from Long Beach Island, New Jersey,
the heart and soul of the unblinded ecosystem, December 14th through 17th. Footnote,
greatest way in the world to set yourself up for January and 2024. People say it all, it's
always like, oh my God, it's January, so say something. What if this is actually the truth
and in my heart, my soul, the reality? How to not only actualize mindset, but your
business acceleration through the superpower of integrious influence and where to
apply it, whether you're a professional, non, coach, trainer, speaker, author, lawyer,
accountant, financial service provider, whatever you are. It's all up to our choices, how
we fill our heart, how we achieve our ultimate vision. But remember, you choose how
you feel, you choose the patterns you create to create the results you have. It's
empowering, not shameful, just decide intentionally. And as Yoda said, choose wisely.
Though I have one shot at this, love you, appreciate you. Thanks.
So here we are, sleepless Bella Verita in Seattle, officially, Philadelphia, Dallas, Texas,
Salt Lake City, Utah, Dallas, Texas, Salt Lake City, Utah, back to sleepless Seattle with
the amazing Rick and Cindy Thompson, Rick's amazing son, Sean. What's up, Sean?
Hi. Yes, and the one and only Bella Verita who has fallen in love with wearing that hat,
which should be illegal in all western, eastern, and southern, and northern states. Bella
Verita, how was this trip to Seattle? This trip to Seattle has been amazing because of
these two lovely people doing incredible things in the world and have been incredible
hosts. Number one in the world. In post-tensioning Rick Thompson, biggest takeaways
from today. That with the right people, you can do anything. And the formula is the way.
And Cindy, how about yourself? Always put your customer first. Ask them questions,
find out what they need and what they want. It's not about you, it's about them. Sean, I
have a question. Yes, never. This Sean has questions, they're amazing questions.
Sean, what was your biggest part you loved about today most? It has all been a
blessing, but I would definitely say the added communication skills that I've gotten
today. I think overall the biggest thing is I'm just disappointed to see it end today. I don't
want you guys to go. Thank you, bud. I appreciate you being here. A lot. Thank you,
guys. We thank you. You're an amazing, lovely family, incredible business. And Bella
Verita, we are winding it down. We'll have a red-eye flight back and then you're going to
Austin to speak and lots of other things. So thank you, Bella, for everything you've done.
Thank you, Rick, Cindy, Sean, everybody. Thanks everybody for being on this amazing
path journey. This is what it looks like. Final, final, Bella Verita. We're all blind. And
learning to see.

The continuing escapades of this is what it looks like. I'm with my brother, my partner,
my friend, Mr. Kris Krohn. What's up guys? We've had a beautiful day. You did an
incredible job out there. And I want to share what just happened. Well, we're on day 4 of
my event, Unleash Your Financial Destiny. And I invited Sean Callagy out. He was out
here yesterday and delivered masterfully on the game of influence knowing that he was
going to run out to UPW, hit the stage, fly back, crazy schedule. And today, we just
raised $505,000 from 200 people in the room that opened their hearts generously to the
work that we're doing in the world for sex trafficking and rescuing humans out of war
zones and incredible things happening in Mexico, Guatemala, Ukraine. And I could not
single-handedly... If I was alone, I couldn't have raised $250,000. It would be decidedly
less. Sean, your mastery and your influence to help open hearts and minds for people
to show up. Brother, it was incredible. And they had an incredible educational
experience as well as an opportunity to give and make a difference in the world. It's one
plus one equals a lot more than two. That's what we do together, brother. I love you. I'm
grateful. You're an inspiration to so many people. Chris Cron, check out everything this
man is doing. Love you.
And this is what it looks like, continues from the green room here at Chris Krohn's
Convention Center, Red Rock and Roll UFD. We've got the amazing Chris Young,
Andrew Battagno, Great Dear Future, and of course Tink has been rocking the premade preparation for how we share with people sustainable giving. There's literal
missions that are at stake right now to free people from sex trafficking, to actually go in
a sting operation. There's other dynamics to build housing and do other things for
people who have been freed, and a whole bunch of other things. So this is like
butterflies are present, how we connect with the audience, cause them to see their
future in sustainable giving, which isn't just, hey this is a great cause. It's like, hey, by
investing in this we give other amazing things. So Chris and I are giving amazing things
to folks and it's a question of connecting for their investment. So they get to go on these
missions, cause things, and they receive different programs, trainings that we have to
accelerate their missions in life. Because what sustainable giving is about is by
investing in giving, you get and receive things back. And none of that money goes to
any of our programs or anything like that. This is all 100% going and then we donate
programs to other things. That's a base level of sustainable giving and it's caused
incredible things for me. I'm about to go deliver. This is what it looks like.
This is what it looks like Saturday morning. The privilege of speaking at Tony Robbins
UPW last night. If you believe you can do it, say yes! Yes! What are your new friends
saying? They did say that Sean was the best speaker that they have ever seen. Put that
camera on yourself with you and your winter hat. And I'm thinking, how cool do you
think that you are at four o'clock in the morning with that hat on? I think you're pretty
cool. Yes, Phil's putting that, Chris- And then Andrea Catania's on the other side of that
door. She hasn't come out yet. Let's open the door and see if she's in a PJ's. There she
is! There she is! Oh, I thought she'd come out maybe. Thank goodness, or Chris Young
was in his boxers. Chris, where are you? This is 200 companies, public seven different
ways. Chris Young's hiding somewhere. He's the number one economic valuation
human in the world, brilliant businessman, and he's ready to go toe to toe with anybody

on earth about building business and financing. And Greg DPH, you're the number one
human on earth at getting any human being on the phone. Don't call a cold call. I call it
building a relationship with people you don't know yet. We'll see you as we head to
Chris Krohn. This is a back and forth from Texas to Utah, to Texas to Utah, after
Philadelphia, and we're in Seattle. We'll see you soon.
how having a platform can 1000x your impact, your influence, your time freedom, and
your money. I've been studying the dynamic of how to have a platform for the past five
years. When I first went out into the world, I had no concept. I said, I built a business,
but my mission was, hey, I wanna make the world a greater place. I wanna grow
business at the same time. I wanna make these interwoven integrals and impactful. And
when I came to understand what it lies, when I joined Tony Robbins by the partnership
alliance, which I've spent close to a quarter million dollars a year in these programs for
the last five years, I realized I had no idea of the impact of a platform. Bill Gates, Mark
Zuckerberg, Warren Buffet, Oprah Winfrey, everybody you know who's achieved a
profound level of impact in the space, of course, with Tony Robbins, has created a
platform. You want a platform if you wanna exponentially grow and accelerate, I'm doing
a message every day. So SC, Sean Calbee, UDM, of Wyvern Mastery, number two is
about this dynamic. It's posted here. We'll see you soon. Thanks for watching. Have a
platform if you wanna grow exponentially, not only your money and time freedom, but
your impact and influence in the world.
three fundamental truths to propel your dreams. Why would we make this video? Why
do we put any content out online? And the truth and reality is that content online is an
absolute waste of time if it's not immensely valuable. So here's what we're doing. We
have decided that we're going to take every day, create written content and copy, and
we're going to send it out to you with the mission of having massively impactful and
valuable communication for you out online. And it begins with this written copy and this
truth that we'll share with you here, these fundamental truths. First, if somebody else
can do it, so can you. Number one. Number two, everything we do goes from arduous,
where you put tons more work in and get very little return, through momentum, where it
crosses over, to abundance, where a little bit of effort creates massive return. That's the
second fundamental truth. And the third is, what if you're able to exchange your fear of
today, fear of anything right in front of you, for your fear of your ultimate legacy not
being achieved? When I installed these three beliefs in my life, I went from making
$2,500 a month to buying my dream beach house in under 12 months. Challenges,
everybody says stuff like this online. Stay tuned with this content if you're interested in
actualizing, not just dreaming. Thank you so much for being here. Your dreams are
infinitely achievable, every single one of them, but it takes more than just dreaming. I'm
Sean Callagy Thanks.
What if there's a way, even if you're sophisticated and successful already, to take your
professional practice, lawyer, accountant, financial service provider, doctor, et cetera, or
your entrepreneurial venture to a different level of income, time, freedom, and of course,
magic and impact in the world. The challenge is everybody says it. I've done it. I own a
100 person law firm. I own a financial company that's gone massively through the roof,

from eight sales meetings a month to 2,000 sales meetings a month, and our unblinded
work has profoundly shifted and changed as we work with professionals all over the
country and some all over the world. This Wednesday night, how do you do it?
Wednesday, October 18th at 8 p.m. Eastern time. We're here with the Unblinded Impact
Accelerator for you. If you're sophisticated, tired of the BS nonsense, all the things
people tell you to do, podcasts, book writing, SEO, all of it, you wanna know the truth?
Come this Wednesday.
What if there's a way, even if you're sophisticated and successful already, to take your
professional practice, lawyer, accountant, financial service provider, doctor, et cetera, or
your entrepreneurial venture to a different level of income, time, freedom, and of course,
magic and impact in the world. The challenge is everybody says it. I've done it. I own a
100 person law firm. I own a financial company that's gone massively through the roof,
from eight sales meetings a month to 2,000 sales meetings a month, and our unblinded
work has profoundly shifted and changed as we work with professionals all over the
country and some all over the world. This Wednesday night, how do you do it?
Wednesday, October 18th at 8 p.m. Eastern time. We're here with the Unblinded Impact
Accelerator for you. If you're sophisticated, tired of the BS nonsense, all the things
people tell you to do, podcasts, book writing, SEO, all of it, you wanna know the truth?
Come this Wednesday.
What would you do to make your health better? Or potentially save your vision? I'm here
at Dr. Tennant’s office with Ariel and Erica. Hi Ariel, hi Erica. Hello. And I don't even
know what's happening to me right now. With an incredible, our marketing team, internal
team, co-founders, Tink and Fran on the phone. Bella Vreede here in person. Hi Bella.
Who just came off a quote unquote crystal bed. I have, I don't even know what's
happening. I'm getting pain in it. They're cold around my arms, my neck, my thighs. I
think I'm strapped to a bicycle, but I'm blind. I'm not sure what this is. And Ariel, am I
gonna be pedaling this thing shortly? You are, yes sir. Yes, is that what's happening?
Yeah, so you're on the VASPR. You are definitely pedaling at your own pace. This is
gonna help release stem cells as well as regenerate growth hormone. Yes, I think this is
the $70,000 bicycle. Yes, that's the $70,000 bicycle. This is the $70,000 bicycle. And it
wants you to buy. Yes, that Dr. Tennant has advised me I should have three of these in
my house. Yes, and one in each floor. So that will be amazing and incredible. But yes,
thank you everybody out there for all the love wishes in this trip. To Dr. Tennant, he’s
very committed to changing my literal vision. At Blinded, we're committed to changing
our vision overall and making a money time and magic rise. Thanks, and Bella, Erica,
and Ariel, everyone, we are all blind. And just learning to see.

how the fear of failure can crush our action steps and all the beautiful things that we can
bring forward in the world. So many Dr. Tennants in Texas, thank you Tony Robbins for
the beautiful introduction, thank you Scott Tennant, etc. and I've had miraculous
incredible outcomes before when I had an aortic dissection. I'm here for my eyes to cure
my blindness and I don't want to be here. I don't believe it's going to work, I don't think
it's going to work and it's fascinating how our nervous system can lie to us and scream

don't do this it's not going to work and make us not want to try things when quite frankly
I have time, I have money, I have resources and I don't want to do this because the
truth is I don't want to be heartbroken and disappointed. So for all of us heartbreak and
disappointment is no reason not to do the things, to try, to have hope and our fear of
failure, our survival brain lies to us and wants to stop and destroy us. This video stands
for all your dreams and mine, let's break through the fear of failure.

Because the truth is, how is the key. What's the how? And if we keep reading books
about being inspired and don't know how, nothing happens. And I will give you a truth
how, if you want to make more money, the number one thing you could do, number one
thing you could do, is create more sales meetings with your optimal avatar.
How to double your sales in 90 days or less. We live in a world where everybody's
telling you how to do these types of things, and they don't know how. Here's how.
There's seven levers of marketing and sales process mastery. To double your sales, the
lever right before it is to grow your sales meetings. You can't have sales without sales
meetings. The only way to do this integrously is to ecosystem merge. The only way to
find the perfect partners for you is to begin running shared experiences with optimal
people you don't know. If you don't know how to do that, this is the right place. Like,
share, follow, subscribe. And if you're afraid to do that, we'll tell you how. I'm Sean
Callagy, thanks.
Hey, so what are the questions to think about when you're business building? Well, first,
what is business built on? Answer, relationships. What are relationships built on?
Answer, shared experiences. So the question is, how do you have unique, fun, efficient,
incredible shared experiences with people like Mike Adams, a part of Unblinded Elite?
What's up, Mike? And we're saying, we're saying, arg, as we share this magical
experience with the Unblinded team, Mike Adams, and the pirates, and these incredible
folks that are coming on here right now. So, Mike, these pirates, they had a rough life.
Like, people think it's like, they look rough. They do, they had a rough life. They're not
looking particularly healthy today. But nonetheless, it makes for fun, shared
experiences, does it not, Mike? Absolutely, absolutely. Ecosystem emerging present,
shared experiences, and Mike, we're all blind. And just learning to see. Thanks,
everybody.
So I would be doing push-ups in this video, but my children, especially my beautiful son,
who I love to no end, I said, please don't do push-ups on video. So I'm still balancing my
way through it, but Adam and Fren are doing push-ups. We're doing 12 sets a day, and
we're going in the ocean. Still saying don't swim and all the things, and what if you don't
do things to be uniquely significant or try to call attention to yourself, but instead you're
just inspiring people with what authentically, truthfully you do, no matter what, we go in
the ocean, and it's not for anything except this. We love it, we enjoy it, and nothing is
stopping that from happening. What do you love and enjoy? What do you want to create
in this world that society, conventional wisdom says is something you shouldn't do?
That's what today's about. Be free. Love you guys. Thanks.

Oh, because of this. Well, why does that matter? Because of that. Well, so let's say that
it's Jay. So why does it matter if people listen to my management on my team, right?
Well, because I'm going to help them sell more houses. OK, well, why does that matter?
Well, because if they sell more houses, they'll make more money. OK, why does that
matter? Well, if they sell more houses, make more money, then they can buy stuff they
want. Well, why does that matter? Well, because then I guess they'll be more proud.
Why does that matter? Will it be an example of possibility for their kids? Well, why else
does it matter? Well, maybe they'll feel like they're serving their higher power, the
universe, or God, or whatever they believe in. Well, and why does that matter? Well,
because then they'll be living truly for their mission, vision, purpose, and why. So what's
at stake, as Jay presents why somebody should be listening to him about whatever, is
everything. Like, what's at stake when we talk about going into the ocean together is
how free you are or not, without judgment. It's like how free you are. And if we can
always be making choices from a place of shifting away from what we love to fear into a
place of true power, true freedom, truly being a heroic, courageous example of
possibility, then all of a sudden it becomes a little different than the water's cold and
rough. So ultimate, always, come into the ultimate why, whatever you're talking about
matters.
Oh, because of this. Well, why does that matter? Because of that. Well, so let's say that
it's Jay. So why does it matter if people listen to my management on my team, right?
Well, because I'm going to help them sell more houses. OK, well, why does that matter?
Well, because if they sell more houses, they'll make more money. OK, why does that
matter? Well, if they sell more houses, make more money, then they can buy stuff they
want. Well, why does that matter? Well, because then I guess they'll be more proud.
Why does that matter? Will it be an example of possibility for their kids? Well, why else
does it matter? Well, maybe they'll feel like they're serving their higher power, the
universe, or God, or whatever they believe in. Well, and why does that matter? Well,
because then they'll be living truly for their mission, vision, purpose, and why. So what's
at stake, as Jay presents why somebody should be listening to him about whatever, is
everything. Like, what's at stake when we talk about going into the ocean together is
how free you are or not, without judgment. It's like how free you are. And if we can
always be making choices from a place of shifting away from what we love to fear into a
place of true power, true freedom, truly being a heroic, courageous example of
possibility, then all of a sudden it becomes a little different than the water's cold and
rough. So ultimate, always, come into the ultimate why, whatever you're talking about
matters.
How do you have things never get old? So I've had the blessing and privilege of coming
to Stingray City for 31 years. This is more than my 40th time with the stingrays in
Stingray City. And it never gets old. Unless we have a new person Bella Verita. How
many stingrays... Michael, by the way, thank you so much for making this a dream.
Awesome. Amazing stingray. Michael, how many stingrays do we have all around us?
In total right now, for this morning, we have around 30-35 stingrays. But we can have up

to 90 stingrays. Up to 90. And so for everyone, there's always a good way to do things.
Because if you come to Stingray City, it's a two o'clock day, a free ship day. You're
going to be here for a while. An hour and a half before sunrise is great. But if you come
to Stingray City, it's kind of crazy. And Loretta, I miss you! I miss you, Loretta! I miss my
squeal buddy! Because I'm squealing! Rob Gill I miss putting the squid We are all blind
Bella. And just learning to see.
How do you have things never get old? So I've had the blessing and privilege of coming
to Stingray City for 31 years. This is more than my 40th time with the stingrays in
Stingray City. And it never gets old. Unless we have a new person Bella Verita. How
many stingrays... Michael, by the way, thank you so much for making this a dream.
Awesome. Amazing stingray. Michael, how many stingrays do we have all around us?
In total right now, for this morning, we have around 30-35 stingrays. But we can have up
to 90 stingrays. Up to 90. And so for everyone, there's always a good way to do things.
Because if you come to Stingray City, it's a two o'clock day, a free ship day. You're
going to be here for a while. An hour and a half before sunrise is great. But if you come
to Stingray City, it's kind of crazy. And Loretta, I miss you! I miss you, Loretta! I miss my
squeal buddy! Because I'm squealing! Rob Gill I miss putting the squid We are all blind
Bella. And just learning to see.
the ultimate guide to closing more deals, how to get your clients to say yes, and yes, we
just knocked this stuff all over a moment ago. Let's say that you're looking, what's the
last thing that you bought that was the most, like, something, what's the most expensive
thing you bought in the last two years? My BMW truck. Amazing, so imagine it with your
BMW truck. BMW truck, that's amazing, congratulations. That you're there, and the
salesperson walks away and goes, yeah, yeah, yeah. See this woman? We're gonna
close her, we're gonna get her closed. We're gonna get her closed up. And you heard
them whispering that, how would you feel? Horrible. Why, of course? Because people
were talking behind my back. Yes, so why would we talk in a way about people that
we're not gonna talk to to their face and in front of them? So the ultimate guide, how to
get people to say yes, is to begin by realizing that it's about agreement formation,
adding more value than you take, then closing anyone, whether it's a BMW truck, it's
your legal services, accounting services, financial services, whatever it is, don't close
anybody, form agreements with integrity. See you soon.

We're having an awesome from Bert and Betty's in Long Beach Island previewing the
group influence event coming up in September. We're rocking the thing, a blinded team
before some magical Rob. Gil, Rob, what's up, brother? What's up, everybody? Happy
Soulful Sunday. And we're, Brandon, what are we doing down here? What are we
doing? We're hanging out with some incredible potential new teammates, learning and
taking the unblinded marketing to the next levels, and we're gonna be bringing it to all of
you. Take Nicole Maiello, Chief of Staff Fun and Magic, celebrating birthdays of friends,
Gianna's birthday. What's up, T? Gianna, Christine's birthday, pardon me, but do you

have any grape pecan? If you don't, you can get some of the LBI group influence to
event and so much more. You won't change your life. Yeah, thank you. And Gianna, the
birthday girl, what's up, G? What's up, G? What's up? How was your birthday in Long
Beach Island, New Jersey? How you doing? It was amazing, you guys should come.
Thank you and you're amazing, my Sarah, love you. She's the best. Come on in, see
you guys tomorrow. That's awesome. Co-host extraordinaire, magical woman, all the
beautiful ways, the lady that makes things happen. What's up, Bella Verita? What's up,
can't wait for the immersion and to bring everybody here to experience all the magic.
We are all blind, Adam, Gugino. Just learning to see. Let's go.

So we're going to continue to rock this thing the weekend. Tink Chief of Staff Fun and
Magic. Now famous because people are recognizing her in Fantasy Island. I don't want
to be famous. I have no desire to be famous. I value my freedom. It's too late because
you're not famous. We've got amazing cousins from Canada. This is chaos and
mayhem. This is what it looks like. We've got Canadians on the one side. Tink is rocking
the things. We've got my daughter Emma and all of our high school friends rolling into
the lower ocean front. We've got like A.G., Fernando, Adam, the entire team Smiken
coming down. Rob, Gil, we've got like five houses rocking. Of course Nani and Pops are
doing the things. Beautiful Fun and Magic. We are going to make incredible
accelerations and have some fun this weekend. Absolutely, because we're all blind and
just learning to see.

So we're going to continue to rock this thing the weekend. Tink Chief of Staff Fun and
Magic. Now famous because people are recognizing her in Fantasy Island. I don't want
to be famous. I have no desire to be famous. I value my freedom. It's too late because
you're not famous. We've got amazing cousins from Canada. This is chaos and
mayhem. This is what it looks like. We've got Canadians on the one side. Tink is rocking
the things. We've got my daughter Emma and all of our high school friends rolling into
the lower ocean front. We've got like A.G., Fernando, Adam, the entire team Smiken
coming down. Rob, Gil, we've got like five houses rocking. Of course Nani and Pops are
doing the things. Beautiful Fun and Magic. We are going to make incredible
accelerations and have some fun this weekend. Absolutely, because we're all blind and
just learning to see.

And this is what it looks like continues. We're gonna talk about what's going on behind
the scenes, transparent, we're in front of the camera, same as behind the camera,
getting ready for a beautiful sunset. I'm here with Michael Johnson, we're gonna be
shooting some videos, a little bit of surfing, causing some inspiration, example of
possibility, self-mastery present. This weekend though, we're digging at the highest
levels of mastery to what does it look like in the online influence space with integrity.

How do you take your message out to the world with the greatest micro distinctions
imaginable? We got people flying in from all over the country to be talking about what
this looks like this weekend. It was built up the team, do some stuff with Rob Gill,
Callagy Law all the fine folks at Unblinded team, everybody coming together at the
highest level of synergy we've ever been at and bringing masters from all sorts of
different spaces. By the way, shout out to Rob Gill, who my beach house a few minutes
ago had his final agreement with a partnership with Kevin Harrington, awesome job,
Rob Gill, love you brother, magic happening in the space. We're gonna hit some waves
right now, see my daughter Selina's on the beach, we just finished up the Heart of
Influence. Love all y'all, tinks out there, magic happening, we'll see you soon, this is
what it looks like. Remember, find hearts that are integrous people to align with, to be
loyal with, make the magic happen with, see you soon, thanks.
How do we make sure that we have it? I was on this beach 10 months ago with the one
and only Rebecca Keaton. Do you remember this moment? I do remember this
moment. And it was just a few minutes before that that Bek Keaton stood up and said, I
challenge you to body surf. I'm Australian. We can whoop your US and New Jersey
butts in the room. I'm like, don't be talking now. Don't be talking now Rob Gill. That's
what we're saying. Don't be talking now. And then all of a sudden I'm like, listen, I'll put
up a hundred thousand dollars if I lose. And if you lose, you got to have unfettered,
unfettered, unfettered access. Unfettered was it? Unfettered it was. I said three or four
times. And then what happened in that competition Bella Verita? You whooped her a***
Whooped. I think seven to one. Whooped. All Australians a**** right at all the things,
whether it's public speaking, being on stage or it's in the waves. That's right. Australia.
That's right. Australia. You guys got shark week. We got surfing. We got the stage. We
got all the things. He's going to whip that a*** Rob, you know what I'm saying, right? I
know what you're saying. I know. We love beating them. And they get real angry, upset.
I'm having fun with that Australian friend. No, we like beating them. Yes, we do. We like,
we like beating them. We like beating them. We'll show you the whole thing. We'll show
you the whole thing. We'll show you the whole thing. We'll show you the whole game.
That's why you come here. We don't go there. You know, the Australians that publicize,
I don't know if it's an Australian public speak, but if you do, we'll help you out. We'll take
you to the next level. Public speaking. So here's what we got to do. So I'm going to bet
the Australians of public speaking and body surfing, but I think got to collect up on
unfettered access, unfettered access. And by the way, scroll seven by Og Mandino
says, loving, laughing yourself in the world. So don't take yourself that seriously, but pay
up on your bets and come for public speaking. And we'll take you to the next level. So
here's what we got to do. So I'm going to bet the Australians of public speaking and
body surfing, but I think got to collect up on unfettered access, unfettered access. And
by the way, scroll seven by Og Mandino says, loving, laughing yourself in the world. So
don't take yourself that seriously, but pay up on your bets and come for public speaking
lessons. Cause I'll help all, I want to help all Australians up level to the next level in their
public speaking. Right? You think that way? Think about it. I would 100% agree. Rob,
you know, any Australians that public speak? Protect your neck and level up. Let's go
baby. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.

lessons in the house. Rocking the things. What does it look like when you are a crazy,
competitive human? Bella Verita, Alexa is rocking the things. Alexa stood up on a wave
today. Bella, did you see that? I saw it! It was awesome! Did you see that? Yes. And
this woman, how many times did you surf before? Two times. Two times. And how did
you do today versus the first two times? Today was the first time I ever surfed on a good
wave. Yes. And you know why? Why is that, Alexa? Because I had amazing coaching
by Sean Callagy. Best in the business! That was the right answer! Yes, that was the
right answer. That was the right answer. Excellent. No, but all kidding aside, because
micro distinctions make the difference. So what was the quick micro distinction?
Because always like leakage or flow, what was the micro distinction that boom caused
you to pop up? First thing that I was saying over and over in my head was the water,
me, the board. I didn't want the board in between me and the water. Yes. And how did
you pop up so beautifully? You got up a little bit, but you were looking a certain way,
and then you were looking a different way. Where did you look up? Then you look up
past the houses. Yeah. So micro distinction, all of a sudden, Alexa's ride waves, like,
whoo! Coming on in. And at Bella Verita, you got waffled today by a board, because like
the boards are flying everywhere, the three of us, and all of a sudden, as you're on the
road to recovery, doing the beautiful things, your certainty plummeted for a second.
Yes. Then you got back in the water. Yes. And what happened? I caught a wave! Yes.
Pre-break? Pre-break wave. Pre-break wave coming on in Bella Verita with her amazing
sister, Cynthia. Where's Cynthia? She's way down there. Yes. So Cynthia's way down
there. She's contemplating the meditative universal, multiversal Rob Gill. So make a
magic happen in the world. Love you, everybody. And Alexa, how's Long Beach Island
for those people that want to be coming here in September? What's it look like? It is
amazing. I've never been here before, so it's a great first experience. Rob Gill was lost.
He's coming home. I'm found. That was awesome. Bro, I came back. I miss Sean.
lessons in the house. Rocking the things. What does it look like when you are a crazy,
competitive human? Bella Verita, Alexa is rocking the things. Alexa stood up on a wave
today. Bella, did you see that? I saw it! It was awesome! Did you see that? Yes. And
this woman, how many times did you surf before? Two times. Two times. And how did
you do today versus the first two times? Today was the first time I ever surfed on a good
wave. Yes. And you know why? Why is that, Alexa? Because I had amazing coaching
by Sean Callagy. Best in the business! That was the right answer! Yes, that was the
right answer. That was the right answer. Excellent. No, but all kidding aside, because
micro distinctions make the difference. So what was the quick micro distinction?
Because always like leakage or flow, what was the micro distinction that boom caused
you to pop up? First thing that I was saying over and over in my head was the water,
me, the board. I didn't want the board in between me and the water. Yes. And how did
you pop up so beautifully? You got up a little bit, but you were looking a certain way,
and then you were looking a different way. Where did you look up? Then you look up
past the houses. Yeah. So micro distinction, all of a sudden, Alexa's ride waves, like,
whoo! Coming on in. And at Bella Verita, you got waffled today by a board, because like
the boards are flying everywhere, the three of us, and all of a sudden, as you're on the

road to recovery, doing the beautiful things, your certainty plummeted for a second.
Yes. Then you got back in the water. Yes. And what happened? I caught a wave! Yes.
Pre-break? Pre-break wave. Pre-break wave coming on in Bella Verita with her amazing
sister, Cynthia. Where's Cynthia? She's way down there. Yes. So Cynthia's way down
there. She's contemplating the meditative universal, multiversal Rob Gill. So make a
magic happen in the world. Love you, everybody. And Alexa, how's Long Beach Island
for those people that want to be coming here in September? What's it look like? It is
amazing. I've never been here before, so it's a great first experience. Rob Gill was lost.
He's coming home. I'm found. That was awesome. Bro, I came back. I miss Sean.
This mistake cost me over $10 million. What is it? It's delegating to people, not
managing them. It cost me that actual out-of-pocket money. It's costing millions in outof-pocket, but also millions and tens of millions in opportunity cost. If you're gonna
create any process and mechanism, like, hey, I got a great idea. I'm gonna pay this
marketing person. I'm gonna pay this sales manager. I'm gonna pay this person to lead,
manage my operations, to be my CEO, and you think that's all gonna work out because
they said, well, you're a nice guy, and they had a beautiful conversation, and maybe
they're very skilled, they have a beautiful track record. Without you creating discipline
thought, discipline action with disciplined people, rooted in heart, of course, you're in
huge trouble. So allow my losses to make up for yours. I'm Sean Callagy.

Just to bring into this objection, it sounds like the objection comes up, there's a
breakdown in rapport. In rapport. So for a moment we're back to rapport, to reestablish
rapport and alignment with the person, diffuse that objection by establishing trust and
alignment, I guess. Yes, an emotional rapport, yes. But we're in agreement forming. No,
no, you're correct, absolutely, but that's an and. Yes, everything you said, and. It then
comes to, is this actually an integrious agreement? Is this actually an integrious yes that
we are seeking? Is it truly? And it is an integrious yes if we're seeking, if we're being
transparent, and we are adding more value than we are going to be seeking to receive.
What if group influence Long Beach Island is actually taking place in the most magical
meaningful places ever been as we are in Long Beach Island Museum, which will be the
housing, the space for this incredible immersion, which of course is the most important
skill set you can have, the ability to influence groups But of course who would want to
do that without having integrity, which is what this is all about Online is our focus for this
LBI immersion We're doing video when you do all the pieces parts and things if you
want to be here if you want to accelerate your business massively or the magic impact
fundraising that you cause and Exponentially leverage your time again with integrity
This is the jaw shark attack that actually inspired Peter Benchley in the writing of jaws
and right there at the LBI Museum We can see the discussion point at the intersection
of Peter Benchley's inspiration all the news articles and other signs about the 1916
shark attack My mom was chatting with Ron the president of this amazing association
Bella Verita, what do you think of this space? It is absolutely extraordinary and I'm
looking over here at what was the original causeway which was a train track coming into
Long Beach Island And Adam Gugino, what say you brother put yourself on that camera

this would have been my first My first choice to host this unbelievable experience. Yeah,
so we're not even showing the space itself Where the events gonna be we're in a
backside area of the museum Spectacular powerful acoustics high ceilings wonderful
energy in the center of the magical Beach Haven, New Jersey At the footprint of the surf
flight theater show place ice cream right down the block from Angleside where the
original jaw shark attack Actually happened and the seashell magic and source the
unbelievable Wonderful incredible Maureen my mom Ron is the president of the board
that does this and we are making magic happen. So Yeah group influence LBI we will
have obviously limited number this is an elite event only but what is elite Why should
you be there? We could talk about that AG final final This is an absolutely historic
building and we are gonna make history in September and Bella Verita we are all blind
And just learning to see. See you soon
The example of Fernando Valencia taking from, do I belong? Who am I? Am I
pretending and posing? To sitting in a space with some of the most extraordinarily
brilliant and accomplished people disrupting their listening, causing yes. On Sunday at
the Integrus Influence Mastery Immersion of Unblinded, Fernando Valencia went
through an exercise with the amazing Jack Chen of Facebook that was riveting and
beyond comprehension in what does an actual ecosystem merger look like with
tremendously successful established people. And Jack, thank you for your openness.
Thank you, Kirk Adams, Dr. Kirk Adams for being the original source to Jack Chen. The
movie surpassing sight, the potentials of ecosystem merging in that space are present
and clear. But what's more present and clear for everybody out there is when I met
Fernando, he was wearing a red leather jacket, thought the height of influence was likes
on Facebook or Instagram. I don't even know if they're called likes on Instagram,
whatever they are, but now he's working with real people, extraordinary people in the
space of business philanthropic acceleration. And if Fernando could do this, so can you.
Everyone can. It's a lie how it works. You don't someday become someone, you
develop skill sets, you understand how to unpack and create value. And once you do,
you could be in a space with anybody of any level of sophistication. Once you know how
to add value integrally to their world, the stories of ego and hierarchy and how it works
do not have to apply. You don't have to wait your turn. You do have to master the
creation of value with integrity. P.S. it isn't because you have a great story and
somebody should give you a break. There's value you can learn how to create when
you do like Fernando has through mastering the unblinded formula, you will have the
freedom to cause anything with anyone you want in the world. I'm Sean Calagey, see
you soon.

What is the most valuable process to master overnight? What would I do? What have I
done? It is the ability, and write this down, the ability to assemble the audience of your
ideal avatar. Who is your optimal client? Who knows those fine folks? Your optimal
client, who optimally knows them, the most of them, to find ways to add value to them,
cause those relationships to happen through shared experiences, because here's how it
works. Business is about relationships. Relationships are built on shared experiences,
so the simple question becomes, how do you create the most efficient in money, time,

and energy mechanisms of adding value to people in shared experiences? That's the
whole story. You do that, that's the business process that causes everything, then you
have to hope, wait, network, gamble, all of it now. Thanks.
It is thankful Thursday morning, we're in the office after the unblinded Integrus Influence
immersion. I want to thank everyone that was there at the highest level. Team, let's
make sure this gets to everybody who was there personally. We had these amazing
four days together. So folks that were there, it is time, there's more to do together. So
many of us are already doing things together, but there's more to be done to actualize.
The reviews, the feedback, off the charts from the most sophisticated people to the
beginning entrepreneurs. Jack Chen, counsel for Facebook, thank you brother for being
there, for being an incredible self-described cynic and breaking through and
accelerating a network in space. These videos will be going up online with the amazing
Fernando Valencia, talking ecosystem immersion with a surpassing sight movie with
extraordinary filmmaker, Lucas. Thank you, Bane and Zucari. In addition, Tanya
Freeman is meeting the president of an NFL football team as a result of John DeSantis
guest being there in an exercise that we did on stage about how amazing it would be for
her to start speaking with NFL teams. She's speaking with the president of an NFL team
today. That's the power of what happened. Footnote, Mark Rosenthal, Dame Nicole,
Transformation Leadership Council, the kindness ambassador to the UN. Unbelievable
what people saw here and Andrea Catanio, Judy, 82 years old, Elvis, yes, Colonel
Parker, see you soon. Love you all, it's just beginning. What's possible is so far beyond
your wildest dreams. I am Sean Calgay, save the dates for December for the Influence
Immersion 14, 15, 16, 17, excuse me, for the You're Becoming Unblinded immersive
experience tied in with our Christmas and holiday party. Save those dates, see you
soon.
So after you have a shared experience, which had the integrous influence of immersion
from Unblinded, what do you do? One of the most critical things that you can do after
you've spoken is to work with a team, and if you're a solopreneur, with yourself to create
an organized and executive creation decision-making time, series of notes, series of
outcomes to take the work forward. So we've been going past midnight every night. We
went past midnight every night of the immersion, we went past midnight every single
day, and up in the wee hours of the morning to actualize relationships with thousands of
people. You know, you didn't have thousands of people at the immersion, no we didn't,
but we had hundreds and hundreds of people there, but right before that, we created
relationships with people that we were promoting the event to in the thousands, and we
had follow-ups with all these humans, but because people don't make it to your event
doesn't mean that you don't have relationship follow-ups, so we're in the progression of
causing folks to step into their future in the space of Unblinded, but what can you do in
causing after you have a conversation with amazing people, after you blow minds, lots
more to come if things happen at immersion, what can you do to accelerate those
relationships even if they weren't there? That's your question for right now, see you
soon. A lot to unpack post the Integrous Influence immersion. I'm Sean Cowley.

How to know you're about to get fired or could be fired any time is when people stop
talking to you. When communication breaks down and ends, it means people have
given up on you. Not that they don't like you, not that they think you're a terrible person,
but they just can't justify the value of spending time and communicating with you. And if
you're an employee, everything is about how much value do I add. We live in a very
bizarre world at times, where as employees we think, well these are my rights and this
is the way that it should be, here's the deal. If you add massive value, consistently, true
massive value, you're not going anywhere. There's no way that anybody's going to let
you walk out that door. So if people stop talking to you, then ask yourself the question,
how can I add more value? Confront, deal with it, if any of this resonates. Like, share,
follow, subscribe. My name is Sean Callagy and we are committed to rising your money,
time, and magic.

that if you're gonna work with people who are terrible golfers and never golfed, it's
actually easy to help them. And, because anything you do is gonna be, wow,
unbelievable. And if you're gonna work with truly masterful, sophisticated golfers, and
you're a master, it's gonna be super easy to work with those people, because they're
gonna recognize the micro-distinctions of mastery. The hardest people to work with are
the people who sit in there, and like, they're a nine. You know, they're in the top 10%.
They're not in the top .1%, you know, because mastery begins to rise at the top 1%.
That's where it goes exponentially. Top 1%, .1%, .0%, .01%. But those fine folks in the
90th percentile to the 99th, oof, they're rough, because they know what they're doing at
a level. It's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, I could do that. I know what I'm doing. And they don't
know enough to notice the micro-distinctions of differential. And those are the folks that
are, to me, the most valuable in many ways to reach. And they make up the largest
percentage of most audiences that you have in an event, and they're the most
challenging.

that if you're gonna work with people who are terrible golfers and never golfed, it's
actually easy to help them. And, because anything you do is gonna be, wow,
unbelievable. And if you're gonna work with truly masterful, sophisticated golfers, and
you're a master, it's gonna be super easy to work with those people, because they're
gonna recognize the micro-distinctions of mastery. The hardest people to work with are
the people who sit in there, and like, they're a nine. You know, they're in the top 10%.
They're not in the top .1%, you know, because mastery begins to rise at the top 1%.
That's where it goes exponentially. Top 1%, .1%, .0%, .01%. But those fine folks in the
90th percentile to the 99th, oof, they're rough, because they know what they're doing at
a level. It's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, I could do that. I know what I'm doing. And they don't
know enough to notice the micro-distinctions of differential. And those are the folks that
are, to me, the most valuable in many ways to reach. And they make up the largest
percentage of most audiences that you have in an event, and they're the most
challenging.

This is what really destroys businesses and in fact any relationship, the failure to
confront. What does confront mean? Fight, conflict, battle? No, to move through without
avoidance, with empathy, respect, precision, and directness. The failure to do this is like
ignoring a disease growing inside of your body. It only gets worse and things get more
impossible and eventually the end occurs. If any of this resonates for you, like, share,
follow, subscribe. My name is Sean Calgey, thank you.

We do expose ourselves to the risk of falling, breaking a limb, even having fatalities
along the way of people we love and care about on that journey up. But this is not
summoning Everest. And there isn't actually life and death on the line. It just feels that
way. And we ground back in it. It's just people being irritated, people's feelings being
hurt, people just trying to survive and have enough energy for the day, people having
conflict, people all fearing like it's actually life and death, like it's actual frostbite or not,
like it's actual literally having losing people on the journey. Nobody's living and dying as
you build your business, at least not related to the building the business itself. And
you've got this. And we've got this.
We have the ability for at least our money, our time, and so much of the magic we crave
in our heart, maybe not every bit of it, but so much of that which we crave in our heart to
cause, and certainly our money and our free time. We may not be able to cause all the
magic we seek, and for so many people, here's the deal, as we move from arduous to
momentum to abundance, and this is what I was thinking deeply this morning,
introduced last night, but deeply this morning, the destruction of our journey from
arduous to momentum looks like this. We are so wired in our survival brain, we are so
wired to conserve our resources, our energy, our time, our money, we're so wired to
conserve them, that we forget.

You know, the first day we talked about these seven letters, we saw that up here
yesterday... And? ...two shares because of the heart of influence. And went through a
sequential process of the seven letters. Though they were a funnel, though they were
not a funnel. We don't put human beings in a funnel. What I want to do is I want to
continue to develop our relationship through steps and sequence that continue to add
value for you. And that's what I propose to you that you want to...
We have two and a quarter days left, and this is to lock into your nervous system so you
are changing patterns that may be decades and decades old, and your access to this
energy and your riches, your ability to influence people massively, massively. Are you
ready One, two, three, are you ready? One, two, three, are you ready? One, two, three,
are you ready? Are you ready? Are you ready? Are you ready?
And I judge nobody who would be clapping their a** before. But there were some, what I
consider at times, is to acknowledge the things. And I. But I sure agree that we don't
want kids killing themselves. I just agree that you don't want. I 100% agree that you

don't want children getting killed. So already, Spring and Donna agree on one. Right?
And so, isn't it fascinating though, how we start holding on. We're getting close. And
kids simply step into. And then become curious. And that's conversation, step four. And
it's always this. What is it that we are in different frames about? That's all objections are.

Why you struggle, breaking bad habits, it's not your fault. It's how we're created. We
have a fear of change. We have a survival brain. We have a thriving brain and higher
self. And those two are at war inside of every human being from the minute you're born
to the minute you leave this world for all of us. Becoming present to that self-awareness
is the beginning. It's supposed to feel uncomfortable every time you make it to the next
level. It never changes. It's that way for me. It's that way for every human whose name
you know who is famous. It will never change. Mastering, accepting that feeling,
honoring your survival brain, tapping on the head, putting it over here and stepping into
your higher self, that's what causes it all. If any of this resonates at all for you, like,
share, follow, subscribe. My name is Sean callagy.

